68272 ||| comp.windows.x
We have a problem with makedepend : it does n't know how to correctly process I 'm most of the way through adding a grammar for parsing the if expressions . I do n't know when I 'll be able to get back to it ; you 're welcome to what I have so far . I have n't looked at other versions of makedepend , which may solve the problem more elegantly . 
67973 ||| comp.windows.x
Did anyone install xdbx on SGI workstation ? Thanks for your answer . Gildas PERROT . 
68214 ||| comp.windows.x
I am urgently looking for the following article , but I ca n't seem to find it anywhere here : The Multi-Threaded Server John Allen Smith The Resource Issue 1 , pp . Winter 1992 If anyone can tell me where to find it , it WILL be much appreciated . H.F. Sadie Departement of Computer Science University of Stellenbosch South Africa 
66981 ||| comp.windows.x
Hello world , I want to write my Xt-application code like this : do_some_work ; now I need some user input XmCreateDialog ; wait_for_user_input input ; if input OK more_work ; else other_work ; So more_work and other_work are not in callback functions but the application simply waits for the user to answer the question . How can I code this in my ? Thanks very much in advance . Greetings , Huub . 
67486 ||| comp.windows.x
Hello ! We want to configure our X11R5 sytem i486 33Mhz running BSD-like UNIX comming up with a chooser menu with different machines on it works an then connect to them . But the only connection works is localhost ! An indirect machine works very well ! The configuration : starting the xdm at boot time with no servers specified in Xservers starting the X-server at boot time with indirect localhost the chooser menu appears with the machines named in Xacces bye CHOOSER . BROADCAST the number of users on this machines and the load is displayed correct selecting an other machine than my own host the X-server starts and nothing happens , after a time out the CHOOSER menu appears again . I know the xdm bug in X11R4 , but all machines running X11R5 Please help Lars 
61177 ||| comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware
I have a 286 with a Western Digital WD-93044A hard drive . This drive is 782 cylinders with 4 read write heads PHYSICALLY , but LOGICALLY it is 977 cylinders with 5 read write heads ? In the CMOS setting I am instructed to set it to type 17 IBM 977 cyl . 5 heads , THE PROBLEM : I was sent Western Digitals ISPFMT low level program from the manufacturer , and was instructed to run it on the hard drive with the CMOS setting set to type 17 . This worked o.k . and I verified the disk using the same program . I then reloaded DOS which did a high level format , again no errors , no bad sectors , etc . BUT . when I run Norton Speedisk 6.01 or any other disk optimizer with the verify option set ON , I get ERROR verifying sector NNNN , where NNNN can be any number not the same all the time . ANY IDEAS AS TO WHAT IS GOING ON HERE WOULD BE APPRECIATED ! 
60210 ||| comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware
From : Stephen Mark Sanderson Subject : DOS6 no boot disk required if you do n't want EMM386 to load Everybody , DOS 6 users in particular , take note : if you want to play games that their own upper memory manager , DOS 6 is not a problem . No boot disks required . As your system starts up , hit the F5 key . This tells it to bypass config and autoexec altogether . You get a plain , generic session of DOS , with nothing loaded . there 's another function key that actually steps thru config.sys asking if you want to execute each line , but I 've forgotten it at the moment . you can try finding it I think it 's F9 . No , you need not bypass the config.sys , in Dos 6.0 , there is a function of multi-config , have you tried BOOT.SYS ? the multi-config is the kind that you can choose you config.sys at the startup . And I find that is very good . It has no conflict to QEMM . I have problem when using BOOT.SYS The key you say is F8 , which is trace the config.sys step by step . Sorry , if any error 
60218 ||| comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware
my home Viewsonic 6 . I like the Multisyncs because it 's easy to run them in modes like 800x600x64k colors noninterlaced , or at higher modes like 1360x1024x16 . Oh yeah ! I just got my new Eizo Flexscan yesterday to replace my old , and I tried it with 1360x1024 . This mode is just great ! I can get four perfectly readable command windows on the screen ! And if I need more colors , I can go back to 1024x768 or even 800x600 . One thing I am wondering though : Why is n't there a MONxxxx.DGS file which contains ALL the resolutions up to 1360x1024 ? Now I have to change the XGASETUP.PRO every time I want to switch , instead of simply going through the system settings of . Regards , Martin Erzberger 
60491 ||| comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware
I know this is n't the EXACT right place to put this , but im desperate ! I 'll be going home for the summer , and wont have direct access to my VAX account . My problem is , i need a service that does n't charge body parts , vital organs , or my first born son , that allows me access to the internet ! All i really need is to be able to TELNET to my school account , and from there I can do anything I need to do . ANY HELP WILL BE GREATLY APPRECIATED ! 
60746 ||| comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware
Is it possible to buy a serial card with the 16550 UART 's built in rather than having to buy them separately , and socketing them in ? My current card uses 8250 's correct number ? The braindead ones anyway . It also controls two floppy drives , and two IDE hard drives . Ideally , I 'd like to get a new multi card , that had 2 serial ports with 16550 's and could also control another 2 IDE HD 's . It would have to have configurable addresses for both the serial ports , and the IDE controller , so it could co-exist with my existing card . Does such a beast exist ? Now the hard part where can I get one in Australia , preferably Brisbane ? 
51623 ||| comp.sys.mac.hardware
In article , Hi . I own an LCIII and I recently heard an interesting rumor . I heard that the LCIII has a built in slot for a PowerPC chip . Is this true ? I heard that the slot is not the same as the PDS slot . Is that true ? Thanks David Mirsky Well , I also have an LC III . Popping the top revealed : One socket for an additional VRAM SIMM One socket for a 72-pin RAM SIMM One socket for a flat-pack FPU A processor-direct slot PDS identical to the II , but with an additional set of connetions to one side for the full 32-bit data path that the II lacked That 's it . I guess a board with a PowerPC chip could be made that would fit in the PDS , but that 's the only place . 
52138 ||| comp.sys.mac.hardware
I just put a 33MHz 040 CPU into my Centris 610 . Now I have a math coprocessor , but is it possible to speed up the Centris to run at either 25MHz or 33MHz ? Not without replacing most of the chips on the motherboard . The C610 is n't like the IIsi was , meaning that the motherboard of the C610 is actually designeds to run at the speed of the CPU , and not designed to run at a higher speed like 25MHz but be forced to run at the speed of a slower CPU 20MHz . I did n't see any oscillators on the motherboard like the ones on the IIsi 's motherboard ! Where is the oscillator for the Centris ? There is more than one oscillator . If you are talking about the CPU oscillator chip , I think that it is located under the socket for the 040 . At least this is what I have read in some other posts in this group . 
52290 ||| comp.sys.mac.hardware
Re : The 25MHz IIsi 
52319 ||| comp.sys.mac.hardware
Hi ! I have a 2 meg simm which will fit a Powerbook for sale . It was removed from my PB100 when I upgraded . I will be willing to sell it for $ 70 and I will pay for the shipping . 
52403 ||| comp.sys.mac.hardware
I have a few questions that I would like answers to or opinions on since I 'm thinking about buying a LC-III : Q1 When the PowerPC-based Macs are announced , what will happen to the 680X0-based Macs ? Q2 Is System 7 the last word for 680X0-based Macs ? Will we ever get REAL multi-tasking for the Mac ? Q3 Will there be a way for Macs to add a PowerPC-on-a-board to their systems ? I 'd hate to think that I 'm going to put my down on a machine that in 6 months is now part of a dead-end product line ! Thanks in advance , Mike Norman , c Bell-Northern Research P.O. Box 3511 Station C Ottawa Ontario Canada K1Y 4H7 115 Internet : Hasta la vista , Baby ! A. Schwarzenegger 
21701 ||| soc.religion.christian
Seeing as how The_Two_Babylons has been brought up again , it is time for me to respond , once again , and say that this book is junk . It is nothing more that an anti-Catholic tract of the sort published ever since the there were protestants . Its scholarship is phony and its assertions spurious . I have not seen this book , though I have had several people quote it in support of some tendentious assertions they were making , so I have become curious about it . I do n't want to malign this Hislop fellow , whoever he may be , as I have only heard the arguments at second hand , but both of the arguments seemed to turn on false etymology that SEEMED to be derived from Hislop . I would be interested in knowing more about these things . The first one claimed that the word church was derived from the Greek cyclos , and that it was therefore related to the worship of Circe . I do n't know if Hislop is the source of this assertion , but it does seem to be based on false etymology . The second claimed an etymological relationship between Ishtar and Easter , which seemed to be even more fanciful and far-fetched than some of the wilder notions of the British Israelites . Regarding the latter , as far as I have been able to find out , Easter is derived from the old English name for April Eosturmonath . The Venerable Bede mentioned that this was associated with a goddess called Eostre , but apart from that reference I have not been able to find out anything more about her . It also seems that the term Easter is only used by the English and those they evangelized . The Germans , for example , also use the term Ostern , but Germany was evangelized by English missionaries . So I would be interested in any evidence of Easter being used for Pascha by people who do not have any kind of connection with the ancient Anglo Saxons and their offshoots . Such evidence might support the claims of those who appear to derive the theory from Hislop . 
21403 ||| soc.religion.christian
It is also of interest to note that in 1825 , on the occasion of a jubilee , Pope Leo the 12th had a medallion cast with his own image on one side and on the other side , the Church of Rome symbolized as a Woman , holding in her left hand a cross , and in her right a cup with legend around her , Sedet super universum , The whole world is her seat . You read more into the medal than it is worth . The Woman is the Church . Catholics have always called our Church Holy Mother Church and our Mother . An example would be from St. Cyprian of Carthage , who wrote in 251 AD , Can anyone have God for his Father , who does not have the Church for his mother ? Hence the image of the Church as a woman , holding a Cross and a Cup , which tell of the Crucifxition of Our Lord , and of the power of His Blood the grail legend , but also , more significantly , it shows that This is the Cup of the New Covenant in my blood , which shall be shed for you and for many . Luke 22.20 , the Cup represents the New Covenant and holds the blood of redemption . The fact that the woman is holding both and is said to have the whole world for her seat , is that the Catholic Church is catholic , that is universal , and is found throughout the world , and the Church shows the Crucifixtion and applies the blood of redemption to all mankind by this spread of hers , thorugh which the Holy Sacrafice of the Mass , can be said and celebrated in all the nations as Malachi predicted in Malachi 1.11 , From the rising of the sun to its setting , my name is great among the gentiles , and everywhere there is sacrafice , and there is offered to my Name a clean oblation , for my Name is great among the gentiles , says the Lord of hosts . And so we acknowledge what St. Paul wrote For as often as you eat this bread and drink this cup , you show the Lord 's death until he comes . 1 Corinthians 11.26 You are quite right about the identification of Babylon the Great , Mother of all Harlots with Rome . I think we simply disagree as to what time period of Rome the Apostle John is talking about . 
20698 ||| soc.religion.christian
Hi everyone , I 'm a commited Christian that is battling with a problem . I know that romans talks about how we are saved by our faith not our deeds , yet hebrews and james say that faith without deeds is useless , saying You fools , do you still think that just believing is enough ? Now if someone is fully believing but there life is totally lead by themselves and not by God , according to Romans that person is still saved by there faith . But then there is the bit which says that God preferes someone who is cold to him i.e. does n't know him condemned so a lukewarm Christian someone who knows and believes in God but does n't make any attempt to live by the bible . Now I am of the opinion that you a saved through faith alone not what you do as taught in Romans , but how can I square up in my mind the teachings of James in conjunction with the lukewarm Christian being spat-out Can anyone help me , this really bothers me . In Christ , Will 
20952 ||| soc.religion.christian
In article priority than the direct word of Jesus in Matt5 : Paul begins Romans 14 with If someone is weak in the faith . Do you count yourself as one who is weak in the faith ? Do you count yourself as one who is weak in the faith ? you read Jesus word in Matt5 : Is there any doubt in your mind about what is right and what is sin Greek hamartia missing the mark ? Is there any doubt in your mind about what is right and what is missing the mark ? However I 'd like to be clear that I do not think there 's unambiguous proof that regular Christian worship was on the first day . As I indicated , there are responses on both of the passages cited . Whereas , the Ten Commandments and Jesus words in Matt5 : are fairly clear , are they not ? Are they clear or do you have doubts ? No , I do n't believe that Paul can overrule God . An important first step ; the realization that Paul was human . However Paul was writing for a largely Gentile audience . Yes , and he was writing and speaking for an audience that was at best , very weak in the faith ; most could not read , most were unfamiliar with the Hebrew Scriptures in even the Septuagint form . Paul adapted the message of the Bible to a largely uneducated market . Granted , this market still exists today , but do you count yourself as part of it ? To be weak in the faith is not missing the mark hamartia if you do the best that your education allows . Are you doing the best ? The Law was regarded by Jews at the time and now as binding on Jews , but not on Gentiles . There are rules that were binding on all human beings the so-called Noachic laws , but they are quite minimal . Let me make clear that the Law is none other than the Pentateuch of Genesis , Exodus , Leviticus , Numbers , Deuteronomy . What did Jesus say about the Law in Matt5 : Where did Jesus say that the Law only applies to Jews and that Gentiles are above the Law ? The issue that the Church had to face after Jesus death was what to do about Gentiles who wanted to follow Christ . The decision not to impose the Law on them did n't say that the Law was abolished . It simply acknowledged that fact that it did n't apply to Gentiles . Who acknowledged this fact ? On what basis ? Are we extra-biblical at this point ? Why not also acknowledge that the Bhagavad-Gita is the only relevant text for Gentiles , after all we see in the Bible that it was Magus from the east who observed the star-signs of Jesus ? Why bother with any texts at all ? Why not just follow whatever the Church has to say ? Thus there is no contradiction with Mat 5 . I do n't see how you can say this with a straight face . Are you a follower of Christ , or do you follow someone else ? Are you saying that the words of Jesus only apply to Jews ? As far as I can tell , both Paul and other Jewish Christians did continue to participate in Jewish worship on the Sabbath . Thus they continued to obey the Law . How Jewish was Paul after he changed his name from Saul ? The issue was and is with Gentile Christians , who are not covered by the Law or at least not by the ceremonial aspects of it . Who says Gentile Christians are not covered by the first five books ? Who says that Gentile Christians are above the Ten Commandments ? Jesus dealt mostly with Jews . I think we can reasonably assume that Mat 5 was directed to a Jewish audience . You 're implying that Jesus words are valid only for Jews . Is this really what you mean to say ? You do realize that you are gutting rather large portions of the Bible ? When you read Jesus words , did you ever consider that maybe , just maybe Jesus is talking to you , no matter what your race or sex ? If the Hebrew Scriptures and the Gospel accounts of Jesus are only directed to Jews , why were they translated into English ? He did interact with Gentiles a few times e.g . the centurion whose slave was healed and a couple of others . The terms used to describe the centurion see Luke suggest that he was a God-fearer , i.e. a Gentile who followed God , but had not adopted the whole Jewish Law . As Paul would call him , one who was weak in the faith . He was commended by Jewish elders as a worthy person , and Jesus accepted him as such . This seems to me to indicate that Jesus accepted the prevailing view that Gentiles need not accept the Law . Which is more important : The recorded word of Jesus or Indications that you can deduce from the Bible ? Was Jesus God only of the Jews , or God of all humankind of all race and sex ? However there 's more involved if you want to compare Jesus and Paul on the Law . In order to get a full picture of the role of the Law , we have to come to grips with Paul 's apparent rejection of the Law , and how that relates to Jesus commendation of the Law . At least as I read Paul , he says that the Law serves a purpose that has been in a certain sense superceded . This is your understanding of Paul . Compare this to the word of Jesus . Are you Christian or Pauline ? Again , this issue is n't one of the abolition of the Law . In the middle of his discussion , Paul notes that he might be understood this way , and assures us that that 's not what he intends to say . Rather , he sees the Law as primarily being present to convict people of their sinfulness . But ultimately it 's an impossible standard , and one that has been superceded by Christ . Again , this is your understanding of Paul . Did Jesus say that the Law was an impossible standard ? Did Jesus say that He superceded the Law ? Are you Christian or Pauline ? Paul 's comments are not the world 's clearest here , and not everyone agrees with my reading . You acknowledge that it is your reading of Paul . What did Jesus say ? Can you deny that Matt5 : is quite clear in its meaning ? Are you Christian or Pauline ? But the interesting thing to notice is that even this radical position does not entail an abolition of the Law . It still remains as an uncompromising standard , from which not an iota or dot may be removed . For its purpose of convicting of sin , it 's important that it not be relaxed . When did Jesus say that the purpose of the Law was conviction of sin ? However for Christians , it 's not the end ultimately we live in faith , not Law . Please reread Matt5 : Are you Christian or Pauline ? Jesus interpretations emphasize the intent of the Law , and stay away from the ceremonial details . Are you saying that the Ten Commandments are ceremonial details ? Paul 's conclusion is similar . While he talks about the Law being superceded , all of the specific examples he gives involve the ceremonial law , such as circumcision and the Sabbath . He is quite concerned about maintaining moral standards . You call observance of the Sabbath , the day on which the Lord rested , ceremonial ? Has circumcision been superceded for Christians ? Are you Christian or Pauline ? Both . There is no doubt in my mind about what is sin and what is not , at least not in this case . Jesus did not deal explicitly with the question of whether the Law was binding on Gentiles . That 's why I have to cite evidence such as the way Jesus dealt with the Centurion . As to general Jewish views on this , I am dependent largely on studies of Pauline theology , one by H.J. Schoeps , and one whose author I ca n't come up with at the moment . Both authors are Jews . Also , various Christian and non-Christian Jews have discussed the issue here and in other newsgroups . Mat 5:19 is clear that the Law is still valid . It does not say that it applies to Gentiles . And yes , I say that the specific requirement for worship on the Sabbath in the Ten Commandments is a ceremonial detail , when you 're looking at the obligations of Gentiles . Similarly circumcision . I 'm not sure quite what else I can say on this subject . Again , it 's unfortunate the Jesus did n't answer the question directly . However we do know what the 1st Cent . Jewish approach was , how Jesus dealt with at least one Gentile , and how Jesus disciples dealt with the issue when it became more acute I 'm referring to Acts 15 more than Paul . Given that these are all in agreement , I do n't see that there 's a big problem . 
20587 ||| soc.religion.christian
In article , In article , We affirm the absolutes of Scripture , not because we are arrogant moralists , but because we believe in God who is truth , who has revealed His truth in His Word , and therefore we hold as precious the strategic importance of those absolutes . Pardon me , a humble atheist , but exactly what is the difference between holding a revealed truth with blind faith as its basis i.e. regardless of any evidence that you may find to the contrary as an absolute truth , fully expecting people to believe you and arrogance ? If you would bother to check in any good dictioanry or thesaurus , I think you will find that arrogance has to do with an offensive exhibition of presumed or real superiority a paraphrase from my own Webster 's . Arrognace is about pride and haughtiness . A person can believe in absolute truth , even blindly whatever that means without being obnoxious about it . Just as a person can be a humble , authority-questioning , defying-any-theist-to-reply athiest and be quite arrogant . Arrogance is not about what you believe , it is about how you relate to what you believe and how you present it to others . If your overwhelming experience of Christians has been that they are arrogant , I apologozing both for myself and on the behalf of those who have offfended you . But my own experience , at least in forums like Usenet where you see a good mix of people , is that arrogant Christians and athiests seems to occur in about equal numbers . Phil 
178846 ||| talk.politics.misc
part of the FBI cover-up . Who was it really ? Come on , now , think who is really out to embarrass the Clinton administration ? The answer is so obvious I do n't see how you could have missed it . That 's right it was Robert Dole and the Senate Republicans , 
179062 ||| talk.politics.misc
Unless , of course , the problem is that homosexuality is a form of mental disorder , caused by childhood sexual abuse , as a number of recent works suggest . Oh , please , enlighten us all . What articles in particular are you quoting from ? I 'm doing my Masters in Psychopathology and it would interest me greatly in seeing these articles that you know exist yet I know nothing about . I 'm sure I could give them to people doing their PhD 's . With information like this , they 'll have their degree in no time . sprinkle sarcasm where applicable Do n't bother with the little-girl-is-raped-by-her-daddy-and-is-now a-lesbian-because-of-it studies . They have always been under critical scrutiny as to their validity . Correlation ! causation . Fluffy the Wonder Bunny Sex is not the answer , sex is the question . Yes is the answer . 
177020 ||| talk.politics.misc
In article In article If someone beats up a homosexual , he should get charged for assault and battery . Why must we add gay bashing to the list ? Is n't this a sort of double jeopardy ? Or am I just being a fascist again ? To deter an epidemic of gay bashing that has not been deterred by assault laws . So we ought to make beating up a homosexual more illegal than beating up a straight ? Silly me , thinking that the issue was that we are all people , to be treated equally . Thanks for straightening me out . Wrong , if a bunch of faggots from the tenderloin decide to go straight bashing and they selectively target a heterosexual man and beat the bloody fuck out of him , they would get charged as well under all the federal laws that exist about violation of civils rights . The focus of their intent is his sexual orientation , and so the law applies to them as well . The national government retains the right to make any laws necessary to sufficiently deter and punish any crime against someone 's civil rights until that behavior becomes so well punished that nobody even tries it ! The fact is , that at last count , gays were not beating straights for their sexual orientation . Thus , the law is getting applied only to the straights who indulge themselves . The federal government or judiciary has the right to enforce the 14th amendment guarantee of equal protection under law even if it takes 1000 possible charges against people who would violate them . Go read your constitutional law . We broke the back of the KKK 's harrassment campaign with the same strategy in the early 1900 's . So many went to jail and for so long that it cut the heart out of the KKK . RSW No , it is not double jeopardy . A single act may lead to multiple charges and multiple crimes . I think what you meant to say here was , With the current mutation of the US Constitution under the current police state , someone may be charged multiple times for one act if the victim in question is of the right shade . A single act should never merit more than on charge . That 's almost like if four cops got acquitted from cruel and unusual punishment charges , and the country went and tried them again and again until they . oh . never mind . This mutation as you call it , protects your little butt too , if you happen to be somewhere where you 're the wrong shade for somebody else 's taste . If it can be shown that the motive for the assault on you was racially motivated , then the full power of these extra laws that bring more charges and punishments will come against those who harmed you . The first use of such laws was well over a hundred years ago , and constitutional scholars of all conviction recognize that this right reserved to the federal government is well established and not just some short-lived peculiarity , too ! Go read some constitutional law for awhile . Maybe you 'll get it . RSW Douglas C. Meier 
178493 ||| talk.politics.misc
But punishing the person for posting such a thing smacks of authoritarianism . It 's a deliberate act of fraud intended to cause harm . You seem to be unclear about the legal meaning of fraud . Mere misrepresentation is not fraud . Your comment here is meant as a put down . It fails for several reasons : You have edited out the context of the action under discussion . I never brought the legal definition up . I use the English language and not the legal dialect . The legal definition of fraud changes from one country to another in any case . The context of the discussion is morality of censorship . How does a posting from your site do any such thing ? Especially if your site is a university ? Do you know any person who believes that a university endorses every comment made from a university site ? That is why I refered specifically to a company . Good . Now , do you know any person who believes that a company endorses every comment made from a university site ? You are extrapolating from the statement I made concerning a circumstance in which such an act of censorship would be permissable to the Teel case . If you had bothered to read the post instead of trying to prove how stupid you thought me you would have done rather better . The mode of argument I was using was a form of rhetoric . Argument by example , I describe a wide set of circumstances in which an action is permisable and demonstrate that they do not apply , thus the action is not permisable . Obviously a company posting from a University adress would be squashed , it would be contrary to the internet comercial use . Usenet does not distribute letterhead . Organization : DESYDeutsches Elektronen Synchrotron , Experiment ZEUS bei HERA I suggest strongly that if you mean for this to be taken as letterhead you get a better stationery designer . Now you are clutching at straws . In the context of the discussion it was the fact of association between the company and the post that was important . The typeface etc is inconsequential . There are people on the net who are openly supporting the murder of members of my family . Sigh . If you are implying that I am lying I suggest you read Mark Holohan and Ulick Staffords posts into . If you are suggesting that advocating murder is a trivial matter I would prefer that you state it directly . Certainly I oppose the right of Dr Sidiqui and the Ayatolah Khomenhi to call for the murder of Salman Rushdie . Incitement to murder is not part of what I consider legitimate freedom of speech . As for your notion that employees can argue their different political views at their own expense , could you explain precisely what expense you 're talking about ? Internet is not free . The connection charges are quite expensive for comercial concerns . Could you give me a cost breakdown for the expense to your company attributable to an employee 's posting a political view in disagreement with yours ? Numbers , please . That is irrelevant , the case is not the incremental cost but the facility cost . If I decide that a company I am associated with should subscribe to USEnet that usenet connection is the property of the company . It is quite legitimate for a company to have a political or other agenda and regulate the use of its property in accordance with its policy . For example if a Microsoft employee were to post Windows NT is crap do n't buy it from a Microsoft machine I would consider it reasonable for Microsoft to sack that employee . In the same way if a company decides that it has political objectives it might wish to regulate postings in a political manner . This is no worse than Rupert Murdoch using his papers as a political platform for his views . I was refering to the arrogance of your position , quoting the words written by slave owners at me in the cause of freedom . Which words written by slave owners did I quote ? I do n't recall quoting anyone . ah yes you did not quote them , merely refered to them . Your constitution is not considered sacrosanct in other parts of the globe . Nor have I assumed it is . I do n't consider the First Amendment to have talismanic value . You might just as well have attempted to argue from the King James bible to a Muslim . I was pointing out that your reasoning is parochial when with little effort you could have made a substantive point . I made the effort ; apparently you made a certain effort to misunderstand me . Your article consisted of a reference to the first ammendment , your signature and pretty well damn all else . For an example of a UK publication that understands this , try INDEX ON CENSORSHIP . I used to subscribe , I would still if I was not moving . INDEX regularly publishes opinions by non-Americans who believe the First Amendment represents appropriate free-speech principles for all open societies . See , e.g . the opinions of the dissenting law lords in the SPYCATCHER case . Are you refering to the initial hearings on an injunction or the judgments on the substantive case ? The initial hearings that the government won were judged on the not unresonable judgment that assertion by the government that the national interest might be harmed would be grounds for prior restraint . The second set of hearings on the substance judged that the government had no case and that the official secrets act could not be used to suppress information in thwe public domain already . The part that they won was over the copyright issue which is rather separate . Here again the issue of censorship is rather different in the case that information is divulged on the understanding that it will not be communicated to third parties . The first ammendment certainly does not apply in this case as the numerous prosecutions of spies in the US proves . The crux of the Spycatcher affair was extrateritoriality of British law . The censorship aspect of it arose as a result of the government 's ludicrous attempts to prevent summary of the case in the book . You have n't any reason to believe that anything I 've said has been reached unquestioningly . For someone who purports to be opposed to argument from assertion , you certainly get by on assertions a lot . Funny I saw that as a rejection of an assertion that you had made . Of course in rejecting an assertion I have to make a contrary assertion , since this assertion is unprovable I left it at that . So far I have not seen you demonstrate a command of the contrary opinion to your own . You are attacking my anti-censorship view because I dare to accept the validity of some pro-censorship arguments while rejecting their conclusions . Plus I am not an absolutist . I have this funny idea that the solution to this problem was not decided in 1789 by a group of white male gentry in secret session and sumarized in a single line . Furthermore I do n't think that the issues are half as simple as you imply . You may think that I am being anti-American in disallowing recourse to the first ammendment . It 's just that this argument has no currency in the parts of the world where there is state censorship such as Iran , Kewait and Israel . I do n't pretend to have geared my discourse for all conceivable audiences . I do n't think that you have geered your discourse to any audience save that of proving that you are the only person wearing a white hat . 
178658 ||| talk.politics.misc
Basically , I think this tendency for non african americans to believe that something is wrong with us exists because non african americans do n't want to deal with the possiblility that the society is deeply biased against african americans , and that this is about 80 of the problem . There is something terribly wrong , however , with a culture which condemns , attacks , and all too often kills any of its members who attempt to get an education . My mother is an elementary school teacher , and she tells me that she and her african american collegues are frustrated to tears by the fact that any african american child who attempts to do well in school and get an education is accused by peers of trying to be white , and is beaten , bullied , and tormented by them . It goes beyond each passing grade on a test earning a beating . In my mother 's school , one of the most promising young students , who happened to be african american , had her throat cut by one of these young thugs . Nobody who buys into such a culture has any hope of being anything but poor a thug dead , regardless of their color . What has to be changed is the culture . If that culture ca n't be changed , then those african-american kids who are willing to separate from it must be separated from it and the murderous thugs of whatever color . Otherwise , future bright young african american girls who wanted to be doctors will end up dead on the school bus . 
54196 ||| rec.sport.hockey
Does anyone recieve annoying email from Roger Maynard whenever they post an article telling them to leave him alon and stop posting to the group ? These emails are filled with insults more than are usual in Roger 's posts and have little if any hockey info . I have recieved two in the last 2 days . I am just wondering if I am special or Roger trys to bully everyone who disagrees with him . Gregmeister You ca n't be serious ! I and many of my colleagues have not received any bad e-mails from Roger , in fact , Roger happens to have answered most if not all of my hockey questions and curiosities , so before you start flaming at me or Roger , better re-consider your nasty attitude towards Roger and the like ! Steve Lee University of Western Ontario London , Canada 
53769 ||| rec.sport.hockey
on all replays , joe murphy 's goal should n't have counted ! the game would have ended in tie ! I thought the red light went on . thus , in the review , the presumption would be to find conclusive evidence that the puck did not go in the net . from the replays I say , even from the rear , the evidence was n't conclusive that the puck was in or out . in my opinion . I was under the impression that the objective is to find conclusive evidence that the puck did cross the line . And , the replays I saw showed fairly conclusively that the puck did not cross the goal line at any time anyway . Somebody screwed up . 
54765 ||| rec.sport.hockey
Paul Stewart called the single worst game I 've seen this year . Federov 's major was obvious , and I do n't dispute it . However , Chaisson 's penalty should n't even have been a penalty , let alone a major and a game misconduct . I do n't notice refs and linesmen until the playoffs come around , and yes I have to agree that Stewart called the two worst games I 've seen so far Mtl-Quebec game 1 , and last nights Toronto-Detroit game . What 's the scoop on this guy ? Is he the latest incarnation of KERRY FRASER ? Just because you are boneheadedly stubborn does n't make you a good ref ! Making the right call does . My votes for : Best Ref : Van Hellemond Most Improved : Koharski Worst : Paul Stewart Oops , I do n't really want to start a ref thread so do n't follow up ; 
54253 ||| rec.sport.hockey
According to the hockey gurus over at ESPN , should the Islanders win tonite the two teams will have the same record , but the Devils will be playing the Penguins . This is because the Islanders have won the season series against the Devils . I think the rules for deciding a tie breaker include : 1 . season series 2 . goals against 3 . goals for in this order correct me if I 'm wrong . Anyone have anything to add ? I think that they go to divisional records before goals , but I could be wrong , too . 
52593 ||| rec.sport.hockey
TSN Sportsdesk just reported that the OTTAWA SUN has reported that Montreal will send 4 players $ 15 million including Vin Damphousse and Brian Bellows to Phillidelphia , Phillie will send Eric Lindros to Ottawa , and Ottawa will give it 's first round pick to Montreal . Obviously some reporter for the Ottawa Sun got taken by an April Fools joke . probably started by someone with the Nordiques or the Bruins . Like for example . who is going to reimburse the Flyers for the $ 15 million they paid to the Nordiques . like the Senators are going to get Lindros and $ 15 million . The Flyers sent the equivalent of 6 or 7 players when you include the draft choices to Quebec , and they are going to get only four back . Some reporter was had real badly and someone must be having a real good laugh seeing as how the so much of the sports media has chosen to publicize this utter nonsense . If this is true , it will most likely depend on whether or not Ottawa gets to choose 1st overall . Can Ottawa afford Lindros salary ? Can you think . it can not possibly be true . no need for the if ! Personally , I ca n't see Philli giving up Lindros for anything . They did n't give away that much to Quebec just to trade him away again . Not to mention that Lindros seems to be a huge draw in Phillie and that he represents a successful future for the franchise . Ottawa may be better off taking the 4 players + $ 15 from Montreal for the pick . I ca n't believe that anyone would consider giving such crap even the remotest consideration . 
54196 ||| talk.politics.guns
No , what you said was that we had spent money on guns rather than people , as Canada does . Which is ridiculous . Once again I have over estimated the general level of intellegence of the average reader of rush-limbaugh . Canada PER CAPITA spend more money on people where the US spend more money PER CAPITA on guns . What exactly do you mean when you say the U.S. spends more per capita on guns than Canada does ? Are you talking about the U.S. government or are you talking about the purchase of guns by private citizens or both ? If you are referring to private citizens then your point is irrevelant because what individuals do with their money is essentially their business . If , on the other hand , you meant that the U.S government spends more per capita on guns than Canada does then your point is relevant . So , if this is true then the U.S. needs to get its priorities straight . People are more important than guns . That is not to say that guns are n't important . I 'm just saying that if the U.S government does spend more per capita on guns than they do on people then something is awry . He meant the US spends more per capita on guns than Canada which is n't really surprising because we were so busy protecting the western world from the USSR that all other countries could slack off on their defense spending . 
54315 ||| talk.politics.guns
the dismissal or resignation of Lloyd Bensen , Secretary of the Treasury , 
53321 ||| talk.politics.guns
I just heard some anti-gun-control people giving the usual arguments : It 's everyone 's right to bear arms , and the way to solve the problem of people getting killed by guns is better law enforcement . It strikes me that this argument could be logically extended as follows : A nuclear weapon is an arm , hence anyone has a right to have nuclear weapons . And if someone uses his nuclear weapons to blow up New York , L.A. , and Chicago , that 's okay as long as we have a good police force capable of finding him and putting him in jail , which will serve as a deterrent to others . Do any anti-gun-control people disagree with this , and if so , why ? Yes , I am pro-gun , and yes , I do disagree with this statement . Nuclear weapons in and of themselves are dangerous . Radioactive decay of plutonium and uranium , as well as the tritium in the weapon , tends to be somewhat dangerous to living things . Can you say neutron flux ? Plus these things have no self defense purposes . It 's kinda hard to justify their use as a militia weapon when at best they are meant for battlefield use low-yield weapons or at worst for industrial target obliteration translation : cities and population centers . Not to mention that for it to be used as a militia weapon and expect the user to live requires some sort of launch vehicle . 
55279 ||| talk.politics.guns
I came across the following notice in the Denver Post classified secctio this morning April 26 , begin quote NOTICE : The Denver Post will no longer knowingly accept any advertisement to buy or sell assault weapons . The Denver Post finds that the use of assault weapons poses a threat to the health , safety , and security of its reader end quote Now I suppose the Post is within its rights to refuse such ads . However the second sentence is so noxious , I feel compelled to bring it to the attention of the readership . I called the Post classified number and expressed my displeas re . According to the supervisor I spoke to , the Post was reacting to public complaints regarding the running of assult weapon ads . However , she sai the paper was keeping track of the reaction to the change in policy . I strongly encourage Denver Post readers to call and make their feelings own . Eric E. Snyder Department of MCD Biology . making feet for childrens sho University of Colorado , Boulder Boulder , Colorado Will do ! I appreciate the thoughtfullness of the Post to not be an intermediary for such sales . The Right to bear arms is one of the most misapplied rights in our Constitution , and assault weapons go way beyond what is , or rather should be imho , a natural right in America . Just ask the family of that boy shot back in September the papers are full of stories about a child with an assult weapon with a angelic face Post who committed the murder without ever thinking . 
54269 ||| talk.politics.guns
You know , I was reading 18 U.S.C. 922 and something just did not make sence and I was wondering if someone could help me out . Say U.S.C. 922 : Except as provided in paragraph , it shall be unlawful for any person to transfer or possess a machinegun . Well I got to looking in my law dictionary and I found that a person might also be an artificial entity that is created by government and has no rights under the federal constitution . So , what I do n't understand is how a statute like 922 can be enforced on an individual . So someone tell me how my government can tell me what I can or can not possess . Just passing a law does not make it LAW . Sorry , but I really ca n't figure out what you 're trying to say , above . Everyone knows that laws are constitional until it goes to court . Not exactly : An unconstitutional act is not law ; it confers no rights ; it imposes no duties ; affords no protection ; it creates no office ; it is in legal contemplation , as inoperative as though it had never been passed . Norton vs . Shelby County , 118 US 425 p. 442 The general rule is that an unconstitutional statute , though having the form and name of law , is in reality no law , but is wholly void , and ineffective for any purpose ; since unconstitutionality dates from the time of it 's enactment , and not merely from the date of the decision so branding it . No on is bound to obey an uncontitutional law , and no courts are bound to enforce it . 16 Am Jur 2d , Sec 177 late 2d , Sec 256 So , has it ever gone to court , not just your run of the mill Ok I had it I am guilty , put me in jail Has anyone ever claimed that they had a right to possess and was told by the Supreme Court that they did n't have that right ? Automatic weapons ? No . The Supreme Court has never heard such a case . 
104496 ||| rec.sport.baseball
The Dodgers have been shopping Harris to other teams in their quest for more left-handed pitching . So far , no takers . Personally , I think Harris is a defensive liability , and he has also led the team in past years for hitting into double plays , or at least been among the leaders . Sharperson showed last year that if given a chance to play every day , he can get the job done . If Sharpy played just one base every day , say third , he 'd also improve defensively . Wallach has helped tremendously on defense , as has Reed . The improved defense is quite noticeable and is having an effect on the pitching staff . Both Astacio AND Martinez were bailed out in recent starts by great defensive plays . Martinez pitched into the ninth in a game that might have seen him lifted in the third in past years . Astacio lasted 7 innings the other day under similar circumstances . The Dodgers are turning double plays , and keeping more balls in the infield than last year . And Piazza has also been great on defense . He has thrown out 10 of 14 batters trying to steal and has at least one pick off at first . Wallach , clearly , has contributed to the over all improvement on defense . But his offense is awful and he has cost the Dodgers some runs . But I do n't think he is as bad as his current average . I suspect he will come out of this slump much as Davis and Straw seem to have come out of theirs . 
105022 ||| rec.sport.baseball
In article Gary Built Henderson 's stat 's are probably closer to DiMaggio 's than you think . Then give me NUMBERS MAN ! Winfield could WHIP henderson 's butt . Well , you 're absolutely , completely dead wrong , but thanks for playing . As soon as I get to my office , I 'll be happy to post Rickey and Dave 's career lines . Both are very fine players , but Henderson has consistently been better . As for Rickey slacking due to his contract problems this year any comments ? Considering he 's basically picked up the entire team and put them on his back , I think he deserves a little slack , and I think he deserves a 4-year extension at $ 6 per year . Quickly . I was upset at people dissing winfield . Henderson is the better player . WINFIELD can come close though . Lets see what rickey does for the rest of his career . People forget how good winny was in the 80 's , and also how great rickey was . 
104928 ||| rec.sport.baseball
I believe that Rusty Staub was also a jewish ball-player Also , Mordaci Brown back in the early 20th century . He was a pitcher whose nickname was 3 fingers Brown . for obvious reasons . he had 3 fingers . 
104847 ||| rec.sport.baseball
You are absolutely correct . Braves fans are nothing but a bunch of bandwagoners . Correct me if I am wrong , but 4 or 5 years ago you couldnt give away a ticket to see the Braves play.I would bet my next paycheck that 80 of the so-called Braves fans living outside of Georgia at the present time can not name more than 3 players from their 1988 season . On the other hand , ask any Cubs fan living anywhere in the United States to name 3 players from any given year and 80 of them probably could . You could be right . Then again , you could be wrong . This claim is completely unverifiable and untestable . I 'd wager most of the Braves fans on the net could name more than 3 players from their 1988 season . You could give away tickets to Braves games . However , my Dad and I were able to get great seats from scalper for face value , which is n't exactly the sign of a hot ticket . Granted , the fact that a team wins brings people to the ball park , but that does not mean they diserve the title America 's Team The only reason they are considered America 's team is because of Ted Turner and his little TV station which broadcasts across the nation . This is precisely why they were considered America 's team . Even especially ? when they were bad , you could see most of the Braves games on cable . You could do that for the Cubs as well , but the Braves had better camerawork , better announcers what would you rather listen to Harry discuss the game , or Skip and Pete discuss motoball ? and teams that were n't too much worse . Because of TBS , the Braves had a lot of fans outside of Georgia . At home in Kentucky , even though we were much closer to Cincinnati there was as many Braves fans as Reds fans , even in 1990 . You could actually watch the Braves play you had to go to Cincinnati to watch the Reds . I can go anywhere in America and watch the Braves . I 'll consider Toronto AMerica 's team before the Braves Why ? I 'd guess that Braves fans are more widely distributed than Toronto fans . 
104324 ||| rec.sport.baseball
Today 4/14 Cubs activated Mike Harkey from DL , whom did they move to make room for Harkey ? Also , are Delino Deshields John Wetteland of the Expos on the DL ? Thanks for anyone who can give me more info ! Ken Cal Poly , Pomona 
59411 ||| sci.med
Then there are always osteopathy colleges . 
59531 ||| sci.med
When I was a school boy , my biology teacher told us of an incident in which a couple were very passionate without actually having sexual intercourse . Somehow the girl became pregnent as sperm cells made their way to her through the clothes via persperation . Was my biology teacher misinforming us , or do such incidents actually occur ? Sounds to me like someone was pulling your leg . There is only one way for pregnancy to occur : intercourse . These days however there is also artificial insemination and implantation techniques , but we 're speaking of natural acts here . It is possible for pregnancy to occur if semen is deposited just outside of the vagina i.e. coitus interruptus , but that 's about at far as you can get . Through clothes no way . Better go talk to your biology teacher . Kenneth Gilbert University of Pittsburgh Well , now , Doc , I sure would not want to bet my life on those little critters not being able to get thru one layer of sweat-soaked cotton on their way to do their programmed task . Infrequent , yes , unlikely , yes , but impossible ? I learned a long time ago never to say never in medicine Len Howard MD , FACOG 
59380 ||| sci.med
UNLESS I plan on getting sick I wo n't eat the stuff without my Seldane . And did I ever learn to read labels . it might not please a medical researcher but it pleased my own personal physician enough for him to give me allergy medicine Allergy medicine , huh ? Is this just to get rid of the resultant migraine or whatever , or does it actually suppress allergic reactions ? i.e. like an antihistamine does ? As far as doctors over here are concerned , if you slip up and eat something you 're allergic to even if they wo n't test you to tell you what to avoid then tough ; if a cheap medicine will alleviate your symptoms , then fine , otherwise you just suffer . One doctor did prescribe me imigran costs the NHS 48 for 6 tablets after having to rehydrate me because I 'd been throwing up for four solid days and could n't even drink water but I got taken off it again when I moved and had to change doctors . Reasoning : they did not know what the side-effects were because it was new . OK , fine but it has passed the safety tests to get on the prescription list , and anyway I was prepared to take the risk to have quality of life now . The only alternatives I have is to get it prescribed privately , which I can not afford , or to pay a private allergy specialist to test me and tell me what to avoid . I am fairly certain I am allergic to more than one chemical additive , as a lot of things I ca n't eat have nothing in common except things I know are safe , so testing myself is n't really an option ; there are too many permutations . I 'm not saying I NEVER consume ANYTHING with MSG . I 've noticed that I have a certain tolerance level like a small bag of bbq chips once a month or so it not a problem but that same bag of chips will bother me if I also had chicken bouillon yesterday and lunch at one of the Chinese restaurants the day before . Yes , I 've noticed that and I can work it up by eating just under the tolerance level fairly regularly . If I do n't eat anything except home cooking for a month or so I lose it and have to work it up from scratch . a bad experience . Now I know what the early-warning symptoms are , though , I can usually tell whether I am allergic to food before I 've eaten too much of it . usually . 
58890 ||| sci.med
My nearly-13 year old Pomeranian had a nasty reaction to this vaccination . Suffice it to say , we will not vaccinate her for Lyme disease again . She 's been camping through some 6 states and has backpacked with us as well and we are used to watching for ticks and dealing with them and we simply wo n't take her to really active Lyme disease areas . Not to drag this out anymore , but . Many veterinarians feel that Lyme Disease in dogs is so easy to treat that in an endemic area , they often just give the appropriate antibiotics to dogs presenting with lameness , swollen joints , fever . A recent paper March has finally established that Lyme disease in dogs can be reproduced in a controlled experimentaly setting . This has been an ellusive matter for researchers , and is one of the fundamental requirements for many to acknowledge an agent as being causitive of a particular disease . Up to now , only the vaccine manufacturer has been able to prove that the disease exists . This paper is noteworthy in two other regards : None of the animals they infected were treated in any way . The dogs had episodes of lameness during a week period which occurred months after exposure . After this period , none showed any further clinical signs up to the 17 month observation period of the study . So these are proven , clinically sick Lyme patients showing spontaneous recovery without the benefit of drug treatment . Of course , observations longer than 17 months will be necessary to be sure the disease does n't have the same chronicity that some see in humans . The addendum to the paper calls into question the techniques used by the vaccine manufacturer to validate the vaccine . Of course , they want the world to use the model they developed in order to test vaccine efficacy . Anyway , maybe we will see some independent , scientifically sound evaluations of this vaccine in the next year or so . 
58936 ||| sci.med
If you have time to type it in I 'd love to have the reference for that paper ! thanks ! Experimental Lyme Disease in Dogs Produces Arthritis and Persistant Infection , The Journal of Infectious Diseases , March 1993 , 
104496 ||| rec.motorcycles

105022 ||| rec.motorcycles
Has anyone else ever caught themselves waving at oncoming motorcycle riders while in a car ? ha ! if i 'm not on my bike , it 's because its broken and i 'm walkin . really the way it should be 
104847 ||| rec.motorcycles
Hey , what the hell do you mean by that ? You suck . I have a god-given right to express opinions , carry a gun and to not wear a helmet , goddamn it . Everything you stand for is STUPID . I 'd give it an 0.5 on a scale of 10 . analysis and hints deleted Aw , c'mon . The serious overreaction ought to be worth a couple of points , not to mention the bit condemning everthing the flamee might ever say . The non sequitur about guns and helmets is just the proper flourish . Nope . Flames should be interesting . Around here , guns helmets are the wallpaper . I personally am of the opinion that there are two types of good flames . The first does trade quality , in the sense you mention , for heat . This has a certain surprise value and if done correctly , which I contend was done above , is reasonably entertaining . Not everyone in rec.motoland is so easily amused . Blaine , as an Elder , has seen the Superflamers at their peaks or depths , if you prefer . With that sort of incendiary backdrop , awarding your faltering Bic a 0.5 was the purest act of charity . While it is true that the flame I posted does not mention anyone 's habitual velocity , friends , dinner , or entertainment , it says what it needs to with the appropriate flair and it is short . The weakness of this type of flame is actually that it can easily be taken too far , at which point it becomes trite and boring . Unless , of course , your audience has only seen several thousand similarly uninspiring attempts in this arena . In that case , the trite boring threshold tends to drift away from where you first set it , as yours will , eventually or not . The other type of flame , which you seem to be glorifying above , blah , blah , blah . In summary , Blaine , your score for that flame is incorrect . While it may be the wunder-flame , the weaknesses you point out are not necessarily weaknesses , and your suggested corrections are not always useful nor applicable . Until you can yank the flame out of Blaine 's Internet Port before he can io_close it , you are in no position to lecture him , grasshopper . You also probably could n't outrun a tennis ball with a flatulent dog stapled to your posterior , and I 'll bet you and your motorcycle lean to the outside while turning . The same goes for anyone who looks like you , too . Oh please yawn , you 're slipping further down the scale with each successive attempt . It 's so embarrassing to watch . Say , you 're not from Waco , are you ? 
105558 ||| rec.motorcycles
Quick question : What are the advantages of slip-on 's versus your stock exhaust versus aftermarket exhaust systems ? I do n't see many people using slip-on 's but they are heavily advertised and half as expensive . Thanks ! Dave Cost is lower than OEM replacements and they weigh less . Also , in most instances you do not have to rejet the carburetors to get a little more performance . I replaced my OEM canister with an Ontario systems slip on . The mid-range performance is better but I also notice a slight stumble at 2-3K rpm . After talking to Kaz Yoshima , the developer and manufacturer of the slip on , he thinks I might need larger pilot , idle , jets . Was not suppose to but maybe where I live makes a difference . Altitude , barometric pressure . Anyway , besides that minor glitch , I like the slip on performance and the sound , which is louder than stock , but not loud enough to annoy folks . The Ontario slip on use some sort of sound baffling technique to reduce the sound at full throttle . Just remember , every bike is a tuned system . When you change the intake or exhaust characteristics beyond the allowable delta of the manufacturer , you may have to change other areas to compensate . Like a complete change of the exhaust system , header and muffler , changes the exhaust characteristic to the point which re-jetting is required to compensate for the new engine profile . Talk with the folks who make the slip on you intend to use and ask them if they have used it on your particular bike . Check with people who have the system also to see what they think about there slip on . Also , as a last data point , in Sport Rider 's first issue , did a review on a group of header and exhaust systems for the CBR600F2 . They also included , as a side bar , the Ontario slip on , the Dyno showed an increase from stock of 5bhp at the rear wheel , 85 verses 91 . Buyer beware , of outrageous claimed increases in horse power ! It may have been true in the past , but not today ! AT 
105257 ||| rec.motorcycles
I am looking at the honda shadow 11000 and the intruder 800 or 1400 ? what have you heard about these bikes ? 
54196 ||| alt.atheism
Evolution , as I have said before , is theory and fact . It is exactly the same amount of each as the existence of atoms and the existence of gravity . If you accept the existence of atoms and gravity as fact , then you should also accept the existence of evolution as fact . Andy I do n't accept atoms or gravity as fact either . They are extremely useful mathematical models to describe physical observations we can make . Other posters have aptly explained the atomic model . Gravity , too , is very much a theory ; no gravity waves have even been detected , but we have a very useful model that describes much of the behavior on objects by this thing we call gravity . Gravity , however , is not a fact . It is a theoretical model used to talk about how objects behave in our physical environment . Newton thought gravity was a simple vector force ; Einstein a wave . Both are very useful models that have no religious overtones or requirements of faith , unless of course you want to demand that it is a factual physical entity described exactly the way the theory now formulated talks about it . That takes a great leap of faith , which , of course , is what religion takes . Evolution is no different . jim halat bear-stearns whatever does n't kill you will only serve to annoy you nyc i speak only for myself What do you accept as a fact the roundness of the earth after all , the ancient Greeks thought it was a sphere , and then Newton said it was a spheroid , and now people say it 's a geoid ? yourself is n't your personal identity just a theoretical construct to make sense of memories , feelings , perceptions ? I 'm trying to think of anything that would be a fact for you . Give some examples , and let 's see how factual they are by your criteria BTW , what are your criteria ? Gravity is not a fact : is that a fact ? How about Newton 's and Einstein 's thoughts about gravity is it a fact that they had those thoughts ? I do n't see how any of the things that you are asserting are any more factual than things like gravity , atoms or evolution . In short , before I am willing to consider your concept of what a fact is , I 'm going to have to have , as a minimum , some examples of what you think are facts . 
53321 ||| alt.atheism
Okay , how about Scott Can anybody hear me ? Sauyet Could you speak up ? I ca n't hear you . 
53224 ||| alt.atheism
Explain to me how instinctive acts can be moral acts , and I am happy to listen . For example , if it were instinctive not to murder . Then not murdering would have no moral significance , since there would be nothing voluntary about it . See , there you go again , saying that a moral act is only significant if it is voluntary . Why do you think this ? If you force me to do something , am I morally responsible for it ? And anyway , humans have the ability to disregard some of their instincts . Well , make up your mind . Is it to be instinctive not to murder or not ? So , only intelligent beings can be moral , even if the bahavior of other beings mimics theirs ? You are starting to get the point . Mimicry is not necessarily the same as the action being imitated . A Parrot saying Pretty Polly is n't necessarily commenting on the pulchritude of Polly . You are attaching too many things to the term moral , I think . Let 's try this : is it good that animals of the same species do n't kill each other . Or , do you think this is right ? It 's not even correct . Animals of the same species do kill one another . Or do you think that animals are machines , and that nothing they do is either right nor wrong ? Sigh . I wonder how many times we have been round this loop . I think that instinctive bahaviour has no moral significance . I am quite prepared to believe that higher animals , such as primates , have the beginnings of a moral sense , since they seem to exhibit self-awareness . Animals of the same species could kill each other arbitarily , but they do n't . They do . I and other posters have given you many examples of exactly this , but you seem to have a very short memory . Those were n't arbitrary killings . They were slayings related to some sort of mating ritual or whatnot . So what ? Are you trying to say that some killing in animals has a moral significance and some does not ? Is this your natural morality Are you trying to say that this is n't an act of morality because most animals are n't intelligent enough to think like we do ? I 'm saying : There must be the possibility that the organism it 's not just people we are talking about can consider alternatives . It 's right there in the posting you are replying to . Yes it was , but I still do n't understand your distinctions . What do you mean by consider ? Can a small child be moral ? How about a gorilla ? A dolphin ? A platypus ? Where is the line drawn ? Does the being need to be self aware ? Are you blind ? What do you think that this sentence means ? There must be the possibility that the organism it 's not just people we are talking about can consider alternatives . What would that imply ? What do you call the mechanism which seems to prevent animals of the same species from arbitrarily killing each other ? Do n't you find the fact that they do n't at all significant ? 
53485 ||| alt.atheism
Evolution , as I have said before , is theory and fact . It is exactly the same amount of each as the existence of atoms and the existence of gravity . If you accept the existence of atoms and gravity as fact , then you should also accept the existence of evolution as fact . Andy I do n't accept atoms or gravity as fact either . They are extremely useful mathematical models to describe physical observations we can make . Other posters have aptly explained the atomic model . Gravity , too , is very much a theory ; no gravity waves have even been detected , but we have a very useful model that describes much of the behavior on objects by this thing we call gravity . Gravity , however , is not a fact . It is a theoretical model used to talk about how objects behave in our physical environment . Newton thought gravity was a simple vector force ; Einstein a wave . Both are very useful models that have no religious overtones or requirements of faith , unless of course you want to demand that it is a factual physical entity described exactly the way the theory now formulated talks about it . That takes a great leap of faith , which , of course , is what religion takes . Evolution is no different . jim halat bear-stearns whatever does n't kill you will only serve to annoy you nyc i speak only for myself Perhaps the major difference here is that we notice something , which we call gravity , and then do some modelling around it . I myself do not notice any deity . Hence a model can not be made . A deity is an abstract , and hence religion may be considered a model of an abstract . Besides , we can always change the model of gravity if the one we have does n't work too well . Can you imagine this with the bible ? Erm , excuse me , I bought this about 1500 years ago and it does n't seem quite right . can I have an improved model please ? 
53405 ||| alt.atheism
who : Kevin Marshall what : KM Yeah , hilarious . Satanists believe Satan is a god , but not KM the only god . Satan is a part of Christian mythology . KM Therefore , one can not reasonably worship Satan without KM acknowledging the existence of a Christian god . Satanists KM see Satan as their master , and they see God and Satan as KM adversaries of similar power . Satanists believe in the KM eventual overthrow of God and a transfer of all power to KM their master . Kevin Marshall A great many Satanists DO NOT believe in Satan . Some do , some do n't . I 'd go so far as to assert that most orthodox Satanists do not worship Satan Church of Satan , etc . but rather worship self . To hear LaVey say it , only idiots and fools believe in Satan and or Allah . He knew that suckers are born every minute . Maximus 2.01 wb Anton LaVey 's interpretation of Satanism has always puzzled me . I read his Satanic Bible a few years ago for a social studies project , as well as a book by Arthur Lyons called The Cult of Devil Worship in America . The latter included a very interesting interview with the Black Pope in which he did indeed say that Satan was merely an instrument for one to realize the self . When I refer to Satanism , I am referring to the mishmash of rural Satanic ritualism and witchcraft which existed before the Church of Satan . I do n't consider LaVey 's church to be at all orthodox , nor do I consider its followers satanists . LaVey combined the philosophies of Nietzsche , Crowley , and Reich , slapped in some religious doctrine , added a little touch of P.T. Barnum , and christened his creation the Church of Satan . No doubt the title was a calculated attempt to attract attention . I suppose he could have just as easily called it the Church of Free Sex . At any rate , it worked for a while . In its heyday , the Church had a huge following , including such Hollywood celebrities as Sammy Davis , Jr . and Jayne Mansfield . I have a picture of LaVey with Sammy , by the way . I find the idea of a Satanist not believing in Satan about as credible as a Christian not believing in Christ . But if you include the Church of Satan , then I suppose I need to alter my definition . Webster 's Dictionary and The American Heritage Dictionary will have to do the same . 
83665 ||| talk.religion.misc
I 'll yield the discussion on absolute morality until I can think of another way to discuss it . If you 're interested in a change , here 's an idea . If morals come from what is societally accepted , why follow that ? What right do we have to expect others to follow our notion of societally mandated morality ? Pardon the extremism , but could n't I murder your brother and say that I was exercising my rights as I saw them , was doing what felt good , did n't want anyone forcing their morality on me , or I do n't follow your morality ? Yes , and then you can suffer the consequences in our collective decision to incarcerate you for that act . Morality is not a necessity for a functional collection of peoples , just a set of acceptable behaviours is this the same thing ? There is no universal moral standard as there are many different situations in which collections of social organisms find themselves . Some species of bees see nothing wrong with kicking out a large number of male bees because they are being a burden on the food supplies of the colony . The bees die of course , but it was for the good of the colony as a whole , so was it immoral ? Our society at least our western one is one of abundance when it comes to the basics ; food , water and shelter . Therefore our moral standards are based upon those circumstances . Unfortunately we enforce our moral standards on collections of peoples who are not in similar situations , because we believe in some universal morality . What I am saying is that , yes , you CAN still murder my sibling , but do n't expect your peers to be impressed by it in our society . However in some other circumstances , it may actually be a moral thing to do in which case it would n't be called murder , probably sacrifice . After the act , you could say what you liked , but you must make a conscious decision on whether or not your society will condone your act , so as to evaluate the consequences to yourself , including how you will feel about it remember your feelings have been socially imbued . Jeff . 
83816 ||| talk.religion.misc
In article , Paul Harvey In article Ignorance is not bliss ! Ignorance is STRENGTH ! Help spread the TRUTH of IGNORANCE ! Huh , if ignorance is strength , then I wo n't distribute this piece of information if I want to follow your advice contradiction above . Cheers , Kent . ALink : KSAND Private activities on the net . 
82781 ||| talk.religion.misc
understand what the words mean . Someone who inflicts pain on themselves because they enjoy it is a masochist . And , no : there is nothing wrong with it . You may think it 's gross or bizarre and I might agree with you here , but disgust is not equal to it being morally wrong . hudson If someone inflicts pain on themselves , whether they enjoy it or not , they are hurting themselves . They may be permanently damaging their body . That is true . It is also none of your business . Some people may also reason that by reading the bible and being a Xtian you are permanently damaging your brain . By your logic , it would be OK for them to come into your home , take away your bible , and send you off to re-education camps to save your mind from ruin . Are you ready for that ? hudson And why is there nothing wrong with it ? Because you say so ? Who gave you the authority to say that , and set the standard for morality ? Why ? Because : I am a living , thinking person able to make choices for myself . I do not need you to show me what you think is the way ; I have observed too many errors in your thinking already to trust you to make up the rules for me . Because : I set the standard for my own morality , and I permit you to do the same for yourself . I also do not try to force you to accept my rules . Because : Simply because you do n't like what other people are doing does n't give you the right to stop it , Hudson . We are all aware that you would like for everyone to be like you . However , it is obnoxious , arrogant thinking like yours , the I-know-I 'm - morally-right-so-I-can-force-it-on-you bullshit that has brought us religious wars , pogroms against Jews , gay-bashing , and other atrocities by other people who , like you , knew they were morally right . me What is it with you , Hudson ? You think you know better than other people , so you want to be able to tell them what they can and can not do to themselves ? Who died and made you God ? How come I ca n't do the same thing ? hudson Are n't you ? Are n't you indicating that I should not tell other people what to do ? Are n't you telling me it is wrong for me to do that ? It is not a moral standard that I am presenting you with , Hudson . It is a key to getting along in life with other people . It is also a point of respect : I trust other people to be intelligent enough to make their own choices , and I expect the same to be returned . You , on the other hand , do not trust them , and want to make the choice for them whether they like it or not . It is also a way to avoid an inconsistency : if you believe that you have the right to set moral standards for others and interfere in their lives , then you must , by logic , admit that other people have the same right of interference in your life . Yes , I know ; you will say that your religion is correct and tells you that only agents acting in behalf of your religion have the right of interference . However , other people will say that you have misinterpreted the Word of God and that they are the actual true believers , and that you are acting on your own authority . And so it goes . hudson Who gave you the authority to set such a moral standard for me to tell me that I can not set a moral standard for others ? You can set all the standards that you want , actually . But do n't be surprised if people do n't follow you like rats after the Pied Piper . At the most basic form , I am not going to LET you tell me what to do ; and if necessary , I will beat you to a bloody pulp before I let you actually interfere in my life . Now , at a more humane level than that , I recognize that all people are sentient beings possessed of intelligence and capable of reason . I also recognize that they , like I , appreciate being treated with respect and allowed to make their own decisions . 
83638 ||| talk.religion.misc
you ca n't force your view of objective morality on me . Try me . Note to readers outside t.a . taite has been advocating violent civil disobedience in the U.S. in order to promote his view that abortion should be illegal . Given the necessity and the opportunity , I would have no objection to forcing morality on him , if that 's what it would take to prevent him carrying out his stated desire to hang women who have multiple abortions What do you mean when you say I would have no objection ? Right , I mean that I would approve of , and if necessary it is n't assist in such force . Do you mean it 's moral to use force on someone who advocates the use of force ? With a few provisos , yes . Minimum force , for a start . And , it depends on what is being forced on either side . Or do you mean that sometimes we have to use force on such people out of necessity or self-defence , while recognizing that our own actions in doing so are not moral ? My opinion is that our actions would be moral , and it would be immoral not to act if action would be both necessary and effective . Again , there many caveats and provisios . Note , my usage of my opinion is an admission that I do n't have a lock on morals , not that there is no truth about morality to have a lock on . jon . 
83792 ||| talk.religion.misc
In Bruce Salem In article Mike Theory of Creationism : MY theistic view of the theory of creationism , there are many others is stated in Genesis 1 . In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth . Wonderful , now try alittle imaginative thinking ! Huh ? Imaginative thinking ? What did that have to do with what I said ? Would it have been better if I said the world has existed forever and never was created and has an endless supply of energy and there was spontaneous generation of life from non-life ? WOuld that make me all-wise , and knowing , and imaginative ? MAC 
101603 ||| rec.autos
This has me thinking . Is there a biological reason why women ca n't put their keys in their pants pockets like men do ? I have two pockets on the back of each of my pants . I put my keys in one and wallent in another . Many of the pockets even have a botton on them so I can close them securely . Everything is that much simpler for me . Why ca n't women do the same ? Is is biological ie , not enough room for a bigger bottom plus keys and a wallet or is it the way they are raised by the parents ? Oh PULLEEZE ! It 's not biology at all , it 's clothing design . Women 's clothing is generally designed to be as non-functional as possible . It 's only been in the last five years or so that you could buy women 's pants with pockets deep enough to carry anything in . Previously , deep pockets were virtually unknown in women 's clothing . Skirts generally have better pockets now , too . Dresses , espcially fancy dresses , are still pretty hopeless . I often hand my driver 's license over to my husband if we 're dressed up to go out somewhere , so I do n't have to be encumbered by a purse . If women consistently bought functional clothing , and boycotted the manufacturers who refuse to make functional women 's clothing , I think manufacturers would tend to bow to market pressures . There 's an interesting chapter in Susan Faludi 's Backlash that described what happened the LAST time clothing manufacturers ignored the need for functional women 's clothing . The manufactuing industry lost millions . From a woman who would rather buy men 's clothing WITH decent pockets and long legs and high waists than women 's clothing without . 
103094 ||| rec.autos
Consumer Reports once wrote about the S-10 Blazer that it shook and rattled like a tired taxi cab . There is one noise that is expecially irritating the back window squeaks . I believe its because the whole tailgate assembly and window are not solid . Anyway , has anyone had the same problem , and have you found any fixes ? Arlen Martin AT Microelectronics att ! attme ! stcarm 
101614 ||| rec.autos
I 'm thinking of buying a new Dodge Intrepid Has anyone had any experiences that they 'd like to share ? 
103280 ||| rec.autos
In article Several chemists already have come up with several substitutes for R12 . You do n't hear about them because the Mobile Air Conditioning Society MACS , that is , the people who stand to rake in that $ 300 to $ 1000 per retrofit per automobile , have mounted an organized campaign to squash those R12 substitutes out of existence if not ban them altogether on very shaky technical grounds , at best , on outright lies at worst . Now , I 'm not saying you 're wrong because I know that the R-12 substitutes exist , but this sounds a lot like the 200mpg carbs that the oil companies keep us all from getting . These substitutes exist , and at this time are available . Its the future availability that is in doubt . Get it from People 's Welding Supply You can mix this yourself so no one can ever regulate it away . Just make sure you use good quality dry gases . I do n't know of any 200mpg carb distributors : 
102829 ||| rec.autos
Anyone have any opinions on fairly recent model Alfa Spiders 86 Reliablilty for what their class I 'm not talking Alfa vs . Toyota corrola which is more relaible As far as I can discern , in recent years , there are 3 levels with all basically the same mechanical aspects . 
15224 ||| sci.crypt
Besides being an infringement on our civil liberties not the subject in this post , the name Clipper Chip seems very confusable with the Clipper chip of Intergraph . Originally designed by a team at Fairchild Semiconductor , Clipper was a 32-bit RISC microprocessor . It is still used in some workstations , notably those from Intergraph , the supplier of CAD tools . Intergraph acquired the Clipper product line when Fairchild was sold to National Semiconductor several years back . When I first saw Clipper Chip in the announcement , I immediately thought the article was referring to the Clipper chip I know . This seems to be grounds for Intergraph to sue , but then I 'm not a lawyer . I 'd say I 'm a cryptologist , but I do n't want to incriminate myself under the laws of the new regime . Tim May 
15796 ||| sci.crypt
Some of the messages here seem to reflect the view that the government is listening in on everything and one will have to hide one 's clipper messages somehow if non-escrowed crypto goes away . A little perspective might be in order . Right . People here believe the government is listening in on everything . Sure . If you ca n't provide an answer , change the assumptions to something you can deal with . It 's not a matter of the government listening on on everything , it 's a matter of the government listening on anyone they take an interest in . Say , if you do something heinous like attend a computer meeting at a mall , the Secret Service decides to go for a warrantless search , and acquires your name . It 's a matter of any number of possible wiretap abuses that cryptology makes far less likely , and this chip can sabotage . Par for the course , though . I predicted that you 'd be jumping in in favor of this . The reply was that you 'd justify anything up to and including death camps as long as the government backed them and had a written policy statement . Perhaps a little extreme , but not much . 
15512 ||| sci.crypt
Clipper might be a good way to cover the use of another layer of encryption . But , if you are making custom equipment in any case , why not just roll your own Clipper implementation and report the wrong keys to the Escrow agency ? Tells us who is going to be in the chip business if this thing goes through NSA , and those with something to hide from NSA . If anyone can verify that your phone is not using the key registered to that serial number , either : They have a court ordered wiretap . But what are they going to do ? Tell the judge that this individual really does have privacy ? All they know is that the keys are not enough , but not why . They have a court ordered wiretap on a phone in this series . This part is really scary . Since the expectation is that all chips in a particular batch will uses seeds based on the same S1 and S2 and the serial number , getting the keys for one of a batch may give access to all . There is a backdoor which allows all messages to be deciphered without the keys . I find this one especially threatening since the scheme seems very open to known plaintext attacks . What I need to decipher is the data in the header . If I talk to someone who has one of these phones , presumably there will be an automatically negotiated key generated . I 'm not trying to decipher the record of the conversation to know what was said , I use it as a known plaintext to recover the backdoor represented by the header , but I know what the header says for conversations I participate in . Even worse , if the phones in a series have related keys , I can buy a from the same production lot . Then I can recover its keys , either elegantly by talking to myself , or by brute force analysis of the actual chip , then apply the key generation process with those seeds to find the target keys . Hmmm ! I do n't think I want to ever come close to these phones . Even DES is starting to look good . Two cans and a string will provide much better security . 
15887 ||| sci.crypt
Even the Department of Agriculture has successfully kept crop forecasts from leaking prematurely . Sheesh ! Remember the big scandal a year or two or 3 ? ago about exactly such leaks ? My choice for the escow house would be the Smithsonian , and someplace on the west coast . My biggest concern is n't that the escrow house could be compromised it will be , but the fact it has been compromised will be kept secret . The keys could be kept under glass , with 24-hour C-SPAN coverage . If you thought your key had been stolen just turn on the cable , and wait until the roving camera reachs the musuem case with your key . Or if you think the C-SPAN satellite has been compromised , take a tour of the Smithsonian yourself , and view the seal on your key . 
15509 ||| sci.crypt
Notwithstanding all the legitimate fuss about this proposal , how much of a change is it ? ATT 's last product in this area was priced over $ 1000 , as I suspect clipper phones will be ; came to the customer with the key automatically preregistered with government authorities . Thus , aside from attempting to further legitimize and solidify the fed 's posture , Clipper seems to be more of the same , rather than a new direction . Yes , technology will eventually drive the cost down and thereby promote more widespread use but at present , the man on the street is not going to purchase a $ 1000 crypto telephone , especially when the guy on the other end probably does n't have one anyway . Am I missing something ? The real question is what the gov will do in a year or two when air tight voice privacy on a phone line is as close as your nearest pc . That has got to a problematic scenario for them , even if the extent of usage never surpasses the underground stature of PGP . 
9499 ||| comp.os.ms-windows.misc
We have heard many bad things about the ATI Ultra Plus card mainly having to do with its buggy Windows drivers . I would like to replace by ATI Graphics Ultra with a true-colour accelerated card . I was about to buy the ATI Ultra Plus EISA but it has had so much bad press that I am reconsidering . I have the ATI GRAPHICS ULTRA PRO EISA version . I must admit it has received bad press but that was due to the faulty drivers it had . Now the drivers that are available for the EISA version are the same ones as the ISA and Local Bus v1 .5 Build . Some people complained about problems they had with the Build 59 drivers , fortunately I could n't duplicate them on my machine , but I did have one problem with Harvard Graphics that nobody else seemed to have . I would like an accelerated card a card that does 24bit true colour at 800x600 at least a card that does 1024x758 at 256 colours or more a card that has fast polygon fills a card that has fast bit blits a card that has a robust windows driver a card that has high speed non-interlaced refresh Any suggestions ? I would n't recommed the ATI for 24bit colour at 800x600 , at this resolution the display will be interlaced . But at 16bit it is n't , I thought it was my monitor but it is n't , its the card that is the only time you will get interlaced . If I come up with cards more suited for your needs I 'll let you know . 
10147 ||| comp.os.ms-windows.misc
Though I downloaded some of the posted bitmaps myself , the original poster is quite right . As an alternative , try posting them at comp.binaries.ms-windows , and just letting us know . A good idea is to post the article number here . peace , Micke 
9564 ||| comp.os.ms-windows.misc
Have you tried re-installing the software ? Otherwise I would be dubious about simple ways to change that screen . Is it not designed to be an embarassment to would be pirates ? so when is PRODIGY going to open the doors for inetgate to accept internet mail eh ? obviously if you can post news , mail should go through as well . 
9771 ||| comp.os.ms-windows.misc
I 've been reading , with much confusion , about whether or not to use ATManager . Lately , all the packages I 've been buying have all included ATManager as a bonus I do some desktop publishing using PageMaker and Coreldraw . Coreldraw comes with a nifty laser disk that contains over 200 diff types . Add that to the TTfonts that come with win31 and you have a decent amount of fonts . I print my creations out on an HP4 Postcript , at 600 dpi resolution with the Resolution Enhancement Technology and . well . I get some darn good copies . So good that there is n't any diff whether or not ATManager is turned on or not . Is it worth it to run ATM at all ? Especially with these better printer technologies . and TT ? ATM will do nothing for your TrueType fonts . If your TrueType fonts are sufficient for your needs , do n't run ATM . I have a lot of fonts that I can install either as Type-1 PostScript under ATM or as TrueType . I have noticed that : TrueType font files are at least 1/3 larger than their Type-1 equivalents . If you are using a disk compressor , though , be aware that TrueType fonts will compress , whereas Type-1 fonts will not they are encrypted . With a 300 dpi laser printer , the artificial bold version of a TrueType font is indistingishable from the original , forcing me to install the actual bold and bold-italic , etc . variants if I want to use them . Type-1 PostScript fonts under ATM generate a visually distinct bold variant from the base font . I realize that the artificial bold font that ATM generates is aesthetically inferior to the hand-generated bold TrueType variant , but it is sufficient for my needs , and not having to install bold variants saves me 50 on disk space uncompressed . 
9689 ||| comp.os.ms-windows.misc
You can not create hierarchy groups . There is no way to create a group in a group . If you know how , please tell me . Get Norton Desktop . Put groups within groups , groups on the desktop , icons on the desktop , etc . 
61315 ||| sci.space
Another factor against bringing the HST back to Earth is risk of contamination . 
61366 ||| sci.space
Are breathable liquids possible ? I remember seeing an old Nova or The Nature of Things where this idea was touched upon it might have been some other TV show . If nothing else , I know such liquids ARE possible because . They showed a large glass full of this liquid , and put a white mouse rat ? in it . Since the liquid was not dense , the mouse would float , so it was held down by tongs clutching its tail . The thing struggled quite a bit , but it was certainly held down long enough so that it was breathing the liquid . It never did slow down in its frantic attempts to swim to the top . Now , this may not have been the most humane of demonstrations , but it certainly shows breathable liquids can be made . Isaac Kuo Twinkle , twinkle , little . sig , Keep it less than 5 lines big . This was on That 's Incredible several years ago . The volume of liquid the rat had to breath was considerably smaller than what a human would have to breath , so maybe it is possible for a rat but not a human . 
61177 ||| sci.space
What evidence indicates that Gamma Ray bursters are very far away ? Given the enormous power , i was just wondering , what if they are quantum black holes or something like that fairly close by ? Why would they have to be at galactic ranges ? my own pet theory is that it 's Flying saucers entering hyperspace : but the reason i am asking is that most everyone assumes that they are colliding nuetron stars or spinning black holes , i just wondered if any mechanism could exist and place them closer in . 
60210 ||| sci.space
Suppose the Soviets had managed to get their moon rocket working and had made it first . They could have beaten us if either : Their rocket had n't blown up on the pad thus setting them back , A Saturn went boom . The Apollo fire was harsh , A Saturn explosion would have been hurtful but The Soviets winning would have been crushing . That could have been the technological turning point for the US turning us from Today 's We can do anything , we 're the Super Power to a much more reserved attitude like the Soviet Program today . Kennedy was gone by , the war was still on is the east , I think the program would have stalled badly and the goal of the moon by 70 would have been dead with Nasa trying to figure were they went wrong . If they had beaten us , I speculate that the US would have gone head and done some landings , but we also would have been more determined to set up a base both in Earth Orbit and on the Moon . Whether or not we would be on Mars by now would depend upon whether the Soviets tried to go . Setting up a lunar base would have stretched the budgets of both nations and I think that the military value of a lunar base would outweigh the value of going to Mars at least in the short run . Thus we would have concentrated on the moon . I speulate that : The Saturn program would have been pushed into the 70s with cost over runs that would just be too evil . Nixon still wins . The Shuttle was never proposed and Skylab never built . By 73 the program stalled yet again under the fuel crisis . A string of small launches mark the mid seventies . By 76 the goal of a US man on the moon is dead and the US space program drifts till the present day . James T. Green : I believe that this nation should commit itself to achieving the goal , before this decade is out , of landing a man on the Moon and returning him safely to the Earth . John F. Kennedy ; May 25 , 1961 
61365 ||| sci.space
re : voyages of discovery . Could you give examples of privately funded ones ? Much of Cook 's later exploration was privately funded , by Joseph Banks among others eg in Resolution the earlier Endeavour . Colnett 's voyage to the Galapagos was substantially privately funded by the owners of British whaling vessels . Chancellor and Willoughby were privately funded by London merchant companies in their voyages to Muscovy . The list is almost endless . Those doing the funding were about eighty percent motivated by potential profit , ten percent by potential glory and ten percent by the desire to advance the sum of human knowledge . Dan Newman Aeronautical Engineering University of Sydney Sydney NSW 2050 AUSTRALIA From : Daniel M. Newman Path : dan Newsgroups : sci.space Subject : Expires : References : Sender : Reply-To : Daniel M. Newman Followup-To : Distribution : world Organization : Aeronautical Engineering , Sydney University Keywords : 
39640 ||| comp.graphics
Hello networld ! I 'm looking for on parametric drafting . Does anyone know of such material , electronic on a or . Im not looking for commercial software rather info on implementation and theory of the subject . Im planning to make a parametric generator for autocad and i would need some referance . Everything you know is of interest ! Thanks in advace ! Lasse 
38908 ||| comp.graphics
I just donwloaded a . bin file from a unix machine which is supposed to be converted to a MAC format . Does anyone know what I need to do to this file to get it into any Dos , Mac or Unix readable format . Someone mentioned fetch on the unix machine is this correct ? Could someone explain the . bin format a little ? This is almost certainly a MacBinary file which is an encoded version of a mac file so the Resource fork and Data fork get preserved . You need a program that converts this to a regular file . If this is a macbinary file , you may have downloaded it in Text mode and is probably corrupt if you did . If you 're using FTP to transfer it at any point make sure you type binary first . If you can open the file with a text editor and find This file must be converted with Bin . at the top , it is a BinHex file and can be decoded with BinHex 4.0 among other programs . I opened the file with a text editor and it looks like : Vnetwork storyboardpictPICT8BIM E . I have already tried BinHex which does not seem to work . Any other ideas ? Niko Schuessler Project Vincent Systems Manager email : Iowa State University Computation Center voice : 515 Ames IA 50011 snail : 291 Durham 
39056 ||| comp.graphics
I 'm still looking for Fractint drivers or a new release which supports the million colros drivers , but none work with the 24X . Any help would be appreciated ! Thanks ! Chad 
38566 ||| comp.graphics
I got the univesa driver available over the net . I thought that finally my 1-meg oak board would be able to show 680x1024 256 colors . Unfortunately a program still says that I ca n't do this . Is it the fault of the program fractint or is there something wrong with my card . univesa a free driver available over the net that makes many boards vesa compatible . WHATS THIS 680x1024 256 color mode ? Asking a lot of your hardware ? 
39641 ||| comp.graphics
Hi . I 'm looking for a 3D shark for use in a ray tracing rountine I 'm doing . I 'll be using Vivid or POV , but it can be in any format . Are there any FTP sites with 3D objects or does anyone have a good 3D shark ? Thanks alot ! Chad 
52762 ||| sci.electronics
I want to convert a 500 Volt sinewave with frequency between 1 kHz and 10 kHz , to a 10 Volt sinewave with the same frequency , by means of a transformer . The secondary current will be . 6 A 600 mA . What kind of transformer should I use ferrite ? Can I buy one ? If so , I need a partnumber and supplier If I can not buy one , how do I go about winding one myself ? What core do I use , how big must it be in order not to saturate , what thickness copper wire , how many turns , etc . I know little about analog electronics , so I hope some kind soul here will help me out . Pointers to relevant databooks will also be highly appreciated . 
54196 ||| sci.electronics
Hi folks , I borrowed a VHS tape from a friend and it has a warning in the begining sayi that attempts to copy the tape will result in destroying the copy and the original . I found this unbelievable as playing and recording are two differen processes . However , I 've never seen this tape being sold anywhere so I do n't want to take the chance even it 's small . Greetings . There are 3 types of warnings on US tapes : A hologram is glued across the seam of the 2 halves of the tape . The message usually reads , If seal is broken , you must buy this tape The standard MacroVision warning , Copies of this tape will be unviewable your case Extended message for the Average Consumer tm which states that even attempting to copy the tape will destroy the original . I do n't believe you can sue them for misinformation in cases like this : Take care . P.S. Of course , 3 is utter BS but the Average Consumer tm believes it . Heck , my mom once returned such a tape without watching it . she was afraid that something might just happen : 
54315 ||| sci.electronics
A while ago I saw some translucent pads , about 6 x8 or so that could be plugged into something and they would glow . One was red , another green , another blue . Interresting . I was wondering if anyone would have a feed on anything of this nature , and of the price . oh , the pads were rubber-like and were floppy like , about 1cm thick or so . Thanks . 
53769 ||| sci.electronics
Greetings ! Situation : I have a phone jack mounted on a wall . I do n't know the number of the line . And I do n't want to call up the operator to place a trace on it . Question : Is there a certain device out there that I can use to find out the number to the line ? Thanks for any response . Al There is a number you can call which will return a synthesized voice telling you the number of the line . Unfortunately , for the life of me I ca n't remember what it is . The telephone technicians use it all the time . We used to play around with this in our dorm rooms since there were multiple phone lines running between rooms . 
54269 ||| sci.electronics
I recently took apart my color Sony TV to clean the volume pushbuttons and when I put the beast back together , the flyback whine got much louder . Is this easy to fix ? Which part is resonating ? I have heard rumors of a spray that will fix the noise . Is this a simple thing for a TV repairman to fix ? Thanks , Scott Ah-ha ! I 'm not alone at last ! Which Sony do you have ? I have a 27 SXR pre-XBR series , circa . That damn thing used to make noise like a mad-man . I 2 separate problems . one being the flyback , the other was the assembly where the windings of the yoke came together . First : I found by poking around the windings on that assembly , the thing would make noise . I guess that there was enough of a potential in that assembly to leak , so I sprayed it with a dielectric insulation spray I think it was urethane or acyrilic . That fixed it . Second : Flyback . for the life of me , I ca n't isolate this one . If I leave the cover off , the TV will be quiet . If I put the cover back on , and let it heat up , it 'll start to whine kinda hard to solve with the cover on ! A friend of mine who used to fix TV 's says there might be a pin-hole leak somewhere on the flyback . Usually it 's surrounded by a bunch of black . 
76199 ||| misc.forsale
ITEM : Klipsch Forte 2 Speakers CONDITION : Mint AGE : 6 months old PRICE : $ 1000 pair retail : $ 1400 pair These speakers are in perfect condition and used only in audiophile system . They are floor standing and come with all the original packagaing and literature . They are also still under warranty . If you are interested or have any questions , please feel free to e-mail or call me at home . 
76855 ||| misc.forsale
I need 3 tickets to the cleveland showing of phantom of the opera . I will pay face value for tickets in the 50 dollar and lower range preferably a matinee show but any in middle to late may will be bought . please leave mail . 
76186 ||| misc.forsale
Hey , I have some Star Trek Christmas Ornaments for sale . They are the the Hallmark Shuttle Craft Galileo . They went for $ 24.00 during christmas . I am willing to sell it for that price shipping . If you are interested 
76918 ||| misc.forsale
The following comics are for auction . The highest bid takes them ! All are near mint to mint condition ! TITLE Alpha Flight 51 Jim Lee 's first work at Marvel 5.00 Aliens 1 1st app Aliens in comics , 1st prnt , May $ 20.00 KrisM . SOLD Amazing Spider-Man 136 Intro new Green Goblin $ 20.00 Amazing Spider-Man 238 1st appearance Hobgoblin $ 50.00 Archer and Armstrong 1 Frank Miller Smith Layton 7.50 Avengers 263 1st appearance X-factor 3.50 Bloodshot 1 Chromium cover , BWSmith Cover Poster CyberRad 1 Reintro CyberRad , Prestige silver edition $ 15.00 Daredevil 158 Frank Miller art begins $ 35.00 Dark Horse Presents 1 1st app Concrete , 1st printing 7.50 Detective 657 Azrael appears , Intro Cypher 5.00 Detective 658 Azrael appears 4.00 Harbinger 10 1st appearance H.A.R.D. Corps H.A.R.D. Corps 1 5.00 Incredible Hulk 324 1st app Grey Hulk since 1 7.00 Incredible Hulk 330 1st McFarlane issue $ 15.00 Incredible Hulk 331 Grey Hulk series begins $ 11.00 Incredible Hulk 367 1st Dale Keown art in Hulk $ 15.00 Incredible Hulk 377 1st all new hulk , 1st prnt , Keown $ 15.00 Marvel Comics Presents 1 Wolverine , Silver Surfer 7.50 Marvel Presents Charleston Chew giveaway , Sam Keith 5.00 Maxx Limited Ashcan 4000 copies exist , blue cover $ 30.00 Mr T. 1 Signed Advance copy , 10,000 exist $ 10.00 New Mutants 86 McFarlane cover , 1st app Cable cameo $ 10.00 New Mutants 100 1st app X-Force 5.00 New Mutants Annual 5 1st Liefeld art on New Mutants $ 10.00 Omega Men 3 1st appearance Lobo 7.50 Omega Men 10 1st full Lobo story 7.50 Power Man Iron Fist 78 3rd appearance Sabretooth $ 20.00 Power Man Iron Fist 84 4th appearance Sabretooth $ 15.00 Simpsons Comics and Stories 1 Polybagged special ed . 7.50 Spectacular Spider-Man 147 1st app New Hobgoblin $ 12.50 Spider-Man Special UNICEF giveaway , vs Venom $ 10.00 Star Trek the Next Generation 1 Feb 1988 , DC mini 7.50 Star Trek the Next Generation 1 Oct 1989 , DC comics 7.50 Trianglehead 1 Special limited edition , autographed 5.00 Web of Spider-Man 29 Hobgoblin , Wolverine appear $ 10.00 Web of Spider-Man 30 Origin Rose , Hobgoblin appears 7.50 Wolverine 10 Before claws , 1st battle with Sabretooth $ 15.00 Wolverine 41 Sabretooth claims to be Wolverine 's dad 5.00 Wolverine 42 Sabretooth proven not to be his dad 3.50 Wolverine 43 Sabretooth Wolverine saga concludes 3.00 Wolverine 1 1982 mini-series , Miller art $ 20.00 Wonder Woman 267 Return of Animal Man $ 12.50 X-Force 1 Signed by Liefeld , Bagged , X-Force card $ 20.00 X-Force 1 Signed by Liefeld , Bagged , Shatterstar card $ 10.00 X-Force 1 Signed by Liefeld , Bagged , Deadpool card $ 10.00 X-Force 1 Signed by Liefeld , Bagged , Sunspot Gideon $ 10.00 All comics are in near mint to mint condition , are bagged in shiny polypropylene bags , and backed with white acid free boards . Shipping is $ 1.50 for one book , $ 3.00 for more than one book , or free if you order a large enough amount of stuff . I am willing to haggle . I have thousands and thousands of other comics , so please let me know what you 've been looking for , and maybe I can help . 
76474 ||| misc.forsale
sale item : A brand new Stealth VRAM Hi-Color card w 1meg display price : $ 135 It comes with : install disk Turbo windows 3.x drivers w 24bit color Halo Desktop Imager 24bit for windows 3.x Advanced AutoCAD accelerator includes Big Picture a complete manual 
76199 ||| talk.politics.mideast
article . I have no partisan interests I would just like to know what conversations between TerPetrosyan and Demirel sound like . Very simple . X-Soviet Armenian government must pay for their crime of genocide against 2.5 million Muslims by admitting to the crime and making reparations to the Turks and Kurds . After all , your criminal grandparents exterminated 2.5 million Muslim people between 1914 and 1920 . Hovig Heghinian To which I say : Hear , hear . Motion seconded . You must be a new Armenian clown . You are counting on crooks and criminals to prove something for you ? No wonder you are in such a mess . That criminal idiot and its junk has already been trashed out by Mutlu , Cosar , Akgun , Uludamar , Akman , Oflazer and hundreds of people . Moreover , criminals are responsible for the massacre of the Turkish people that also prevent them from entering Turkiye and TRNC . SDPA has yet to renounce its charter which specifically calls for the second genocide of the Turkish people . This racist , barbarian and criminal view has been touted by the fascist x-Soviet Armenian government as merely a step on the road to said genocide . Now where shall I begin ? From : Parlakbilek Ahmet Subject : YALANCI , LIAR : DAVIDIAN Keywords : Davidian , the biggest liar Message-ID : Following is the article that Davidian claims that Hasan Mutlu is a liar : From : David Davidian Message-ID : In article . edu Ahmet Parlakbilek asked a simple question : AP I am asking you to show me one example in which mutlu , coras or any other AP Turk was proven to lie.I can show tens of lies and fabrications of AP Davidian , like changing quote , even changing name of a book , Anna . The obvious ridiculous Armenians murdered 3 million Moslems is the most outragious and unsubstantiated charge of all . You are obviously new on this net , so read the following sample not one , but three proven lies in one day ! start yalanci.txt some parts are deleted In article the usenet scribe for the Turkish Historical Society , continues to revise the history of the Armenian people . Let 's witness the operational definition of a revisionist yalanci or liar , in Turkish : Yalanci According to Leo : 1 Yalanci Yalanci The situation is clear . On one side , we have peace-loving Turks Yalanci and on the other side , peace-loving Armenians , both sides minding Yalanci their own affairs . Then all was submerged in blood and fire . Indeed , Yalanci the war was actually being waged between the Committee of Yalanci Dashnaktsutiun and the Society of Ittihad and Terakki a cruel and Yalanci savage war in defense of party political interests . The Dashnaks Yalanci incited revolts which relied on Russian bayonets for their success . Yalanci Yalanci 1 L. Kuper , Genocide : Its Political Use in the Twentieth Century , Yalanci New York 1981 , 157 . This text is available not only in most bookstores but in many libraries . On page 157 we find a discussion of related atrocities which is title of the chapter . The topic on this page concerns itself with submissions to the Sub Commission on Prevention of Discrimination of Minorities of the Commission on Human Rights of the United Nations with respect to the massacres in Cambodia . There is no mention of Turks nor Armenians as claimed above . Vay sarsak , vay yobaz , vay yalanci ! Vay Turk milletinin yuz karasi Mutlu vay ! The depth of foolishness the Turkish Historical Society engages in , while covering up the Turkish genocide of the Armenians , is only surpassed by the ridiculous historical material publicly displayed ! David Davidian The life of a people is a sea , and Receiving this message , I checked the reference , L.Kuper , Genocide . and what I have found was totally consistent with what Davidian said.The book was like voice of Armenian revolutionists and although I read the whole book , I could not find the original quota . But there was one more thing to check : The original posting of Mutlu.I found the original article of Mutlu.It is as follows : According to Leo : 1 The situation is clear . On one side , we have peace-loving Turks and on the other side , peace-loving Armenians , both sides minding their own affairs . Then all was submerged in blood and fire . Indeed , the war was actually being waged between the Committee of Dashnaktsutiun and the Society of Ittihad and Terakki a cruel and savage war in defense of party political interests . The Dashnaks incited revolts which relied on Russian bayonets for their success . 1 B. A. Leo . The Ideology of the Armenian Revolution in Turkey , vol II , 157 . QUATO IS THE SAME , REFERENCE IS DIFFERENT ! DAVIDIAN LIED AGAIN , AND THIS TIME HE CHANGED THE ORIGINAL POSTING OF MUTLU JUST TO ACCUSE HIM TO BE A LIAR . Davidian , thank you for writing the page number correctly . You are the biggest liar I have ever seen.This example showed me that tomorrow you can lie again , and you may try to make me a liar this time.So I decided not to read your articles and not to write answers to you.I also advise all the netters to do the same.We can not prevent your lies , but at least we may save time by not dealing with your lies . And for the following line : Vay sarsak , vay yobaz , vay yalanci ! Vay Turk milletinin yuz karasi Mutlu vay ! I also return all the insults you wrote about Mutlu to you . I hope you will be drowned in your lies . Ahmet PARLAKBILEK From : Vedat Dogan Message-ID : In article Vedat Dogan wrote in response to article urartu . Source : Adventures in the Near East , by A. Rawlinson , Jonathan Cape , 30 Bedford Square , London , 1934 First published 287 pages . DD Such a pile of garbage ! First off , the above reference was first published DD in 1924 NOT 1923 , and has 353 pages NOT 287 ! Second , upon checking page DD 178 , we are asked to believe : VD No , Mr.Davidian . VD It was first published IN 1923 I have the book on my desk , now ! VD VD and furthermore , the book I have does not have 353 pages either , as you VD claimed , Mr.Davidian . It has 377 pages . Any question ? Well , it seems YOUR book has its total page numbers closer to mine than the n crap posted by Mr. ! boy ! Please , can you tell us why those quotes are crap ? because you do not like them ! because they really exist . why ? As I said in my previous posting , those quotes exactly exist in the source given by Serdar Argic . You could n't reject it . In addition , the Author 's Preface was written on January 15 , 1923 , BUT THE BOOK was published in 1924 . Here we go again . In the book I have , both the front page and the Author 's preface give the same year : 1923 and 15 January , 1923 , respectively ! Anyone can check it at library , if not , I can send you the copies of pages , please ask by sct I really do n't care what year it was first published 1923 or What I care about is what the book writes about murders , tortures , et . in the given quotes by Serdar Argic , and your denial of these quotes . and your groundless accussations , etc . DD I can provide . gif postings if required to verify my claim ! VD what is new ? I will post a . gif file , but I am not going go through the effort to show there is some Turkish modified re-publication of the book , like last time ! I claim I have a book in my hand published in 1923 first publication and it exactly has the same quoted info as the book published in 1934 Serdar Argic 's Reference has . You could n't reject it . but , now you are avoiding the real issues by twisting around . Let 's see how you lie ! from non-existing quotes to re-publication First you said there was no such a quote in the given reference . You called Serdar Argic a liar ! I said to you , NO , MR.Davidian , there exactly existed such a quote . I even gave the call number , page numbers . you could ' t reject it . And now , you are lying again and talking about modified , re-published book without any proof : how , when , where , by whom , etc . by the way , how is it possible to re-publish the book in 1923 if it was first published in 1924 your claim . I am sure that you have some pretty well suited theories , as usual And I am ready to send the copies of the necessary pages to anybody who wants to compare the fact and Mr.Davidian 's lies . I also give the call number and page numbers again for the library use , which are : and the page numbers to verify the quotes : 218 and 215 It is not possible that s text has 287 pages , mine has 353 , and yours has Now , are you claiming that there ca n't be such a reference by saying it is not possible . If not , what is your point ? Differences in the number of pages ? Mine was published in 1923 . Serdar Argic 's was in 1934 . No need to use the same book size and the same letter charachter in both publications , etc , etc . does it give you an idea ! The issue was not the number of pages the book has . or the year first published . And you tried to hide the whole point . the point is that both books have the exactly the same quotes about how moslems are killed , tortured , etc by Armenians . and those quotes given by Serdar Argic exist ! It was the issue , was n't - it ? you were not able to object it . Does it bother you anyway ? You name all these tortures and murders by Armenians as a crap . People who think like you are among the main reasons why the World still has so many craps in the 1993 . Any question ? Hovig Heghinian Hmm . Turks sure know how to keep track of deaths , but they seem to lose count around 1.5 million . Well , apparently we have another son of Dro the Butcher to contend with . You should indeed be happy to know that you rekindled a huge discussion on distortions propagated by several of your contemporaries . If you feel that you can simply act as an Armenian governmental crony in this forum you will be sadly mistaken and duly embarrassed . This is not a lecture to another historical revisionist and a genocide apologist , but a fact . I will dissect article-by-article , paragraph-by-paragraph , line-by-line , lie-by-lie , revision-by-revision , written by those on this net , who plan to prove that the Armenian genocide of 2.5 million Turks and Kurds is nothing less than a classic un-redressed genocide . We are neither in x-Soviet Union , nor in some similar ultra-nationalist fascist dictatorship , that employs the dictates of Hitler to quell domestic unrest . Also , feel free to distribute all responses to your nearest terrorists , the Armenian pseudo-scholars , or to those affiliated with the Armenian criminal organizations . Armenian government got away with the genocide of 2.5 million Turkish men , women and children and is enjoying the fruits of that genocide . You , and those like you , will not get away with the genocide 's cover-up . Not a chance . Serdar Argic We closed the roads and mountain passes that might serve as ways of escape for the Turks and then proceeded in the work of extermination . Ohanus Appressian In Soviet Armenia today there no longer exists a single Turkish soul . Sahak Melkonian 
76186 ||| talk.politics.mideast
Source : Men Are Like That by Leonard Ramsden Hartill . The Bobbs-Merrill Company , Indianapolis 1926 . 305 pages . Memoirs of an Armenian officer who participated in the genocide of 2.5 million Muslim people 133 first paragraph In this movement we took with us three thousand Turkish soldiers who had been captured by the Russians and left on our hands when the Russians abandoned the struggle . During our retreat to Karaklis two thousand of these poor devils were cruelly put to death . I was sickened by the brutality displayed , but could not make any effective protest . Some , mercifully , were shot . Many of them were burned to death . The method employed was to put a quantity of straw into a hut , and then after crowding the hut with Turks , set fire to the straw . Serdar Argic We closed the roads and mountain passes that might serve as ways of escape for the Turks and then proceeded in the work of extermination . Ohanus Appressian In Soviet Armenia today there no longer exists a single Turkish soul . Sahak Melkonian 
76474 ||| talk.politics.mideast
The UN has tried many times to condemn Israel for its gross violation of human rights . The UN has also failed to condemn gross violations of human rights in many other places around the globe and in the middle east , thus leading many people to conclude that the UN is biased in whom in chooses to condemn . A short , incomplete list of things the UN did n't even consider condemning : Incident Security Council Response 1 . Hindu-Moslem clash in INdia , over 2,000 killed , 1990 NONE 2 . Gassing to death of over 8,000 Kurds by NONE Iraqi Air Force , 3 . Saudi security forces slaughter NONE 400 pilgrims in Mecca , 1987 4 . Killing by Algerian army of 500 demonstrators , 1988 NONE 5 . Intrafada Arabs killing Arabs over 300 killed NONE 6 . 30,000 civilians slaughtered by government NONE troops in Hama , Syria , 1982 7 . Killing of 5,000 Palestinians by Jordanian troops , NONE thousands expelled , Sept. , 1970 8 . 87 Moslems killed in Egypt , 1981 NONE 9 . 77 killed in Egyption bread riots , 1977 NONE 10 . 30 border and rocket attacks against Israel by NONE the PLO in 1989 alone 11 . Munich , 1972 : 11 Israeli athletes slaughtered NONE 12 . Ma'alot , 1974 : children killed in PLO attack NONE 13 . Israel Coastal bus attack : 34 dead , 82 wounded NONE 14 . Syria kills 23,000 Palestinians , 1976 NONE 15 . Lebanon : over 150,000 dead since 1975 NONE 16 . Yemen : 13,000 killed in two weeks , 1986 NONE 17 . Sudan : Tens of thousands of Black slaves , NONE Civil War toll , 1 million killed , 3 million refugees 18 . Tienenman Square massacre 1989 NONE 19 . Rumania , 3,000 killed , 1989 NONE 20 . Pan Am 103 disaster carried out by the P.L.O NONE 21 . Northern Ireland NONE 22 . Cambodia NONE 23 . Soviet Occupation of Afghanistan NONE 24 . American riots at Attica , Watts , Newark , Kent State NONE 25 . 1981 : Israel destroys Iraqi reractor , Israel CONDEMNED 26 . 1990 : Israeli police protect Israeli worshipers CONDEMNED against Arab mob , 18 anti-Jewish rioters killed 27 . Syrian soldiers slaughter Christian soldiers NONE after they surrender , 1990 Wow , if you were the only source of news around the world it would seem that Israel is being treated unfairly . Ok , you do n't like what I have to say . Would you care to demonstrate how the above list , or any expanded version of it you chose to post , demonstrates fairness in the actions of the UN wrt Israel ? luckily , that is not the case . I suggest reading european papers rather than Israeli propaganda Arab papers would n't hurt either to see the propaganda of the other side . You make the odd assumption that I read Israeli papers , not European ones . My main source of news is the Economist , a London based magazine . Also , I do on rare occaisons , read Arab papers , but its hard to find English language papers from Arab countries here . Anyway you are an example of what happens when people chose what to read . Do n't get me wrong , it is perfectly within your rights . Just do n't go off acting like you 're objective . Have I ever claimed to be objective ? I pointed out , with a 27 item list , that Israel is condemned for actions that other nations are not condemned for . You go off and attack me for reading only Israeli newspapers . If you 'd like to debate this , please do . If you 'd like to make ad hominum attacks , feel free to do that too . But try not to mask one as another . Adam Adam Shostack 
77396 ||| talk.politics.mideast
. I find it interesting that Mr. Major finds the genocide of two million Muslims in Bosnia acceptable . Now you are actually claiming that 2,000,000 Muslims have been killed in B-H ? What if we remove one zeron and make it the genocide of two hundred thousands Muslims in Bosnia . would that make it any better . And how about the 2,000,000 Muslims who were driven and continue to be driven out of their homes . is that utterly ridiculous claim ? And how about the rapes over 60,000 women and the concentration camps . The us delegation which visited them reported yesterday on CNN that the serbs are giving the muslims detainees 4 biscuits and a cup of water a day . That sure also sounds like an utterly ridiculous claim . Please substantiate this utterly ridiculous claim . Nick 
75404 ||| talk.politics.mideast
In article 1 why do jews who do n't even believe in God as is the case with many of the founders of secular zionism have a right in Palestine more than the inhabitants of Palestine , just because God gave you the land ? G-d has nothing to do with it . Some of the land was in fact given to the Jews by the United Nations , quite a bit of it was purchased from Arab absentee landlords . Present claims are based on prior ownership purchase from aforementioned absentee landlords award by the United Nations in the partition of the Palestine mandate territory , and as the result of defensive wars fought against the Egyptians , Syrians , Jordanians , et al . 2 Why do most of them speak of the west bank as theirs while most of the inhabitants are not Jews and do not want to be part of Israel ? First , I should point out that many Jews do not in fact agree with the idea that the West Bank is theirs . Since , however , I agree with those who claim the West Bank , I think I can answer your question thusly : the West bank was what is called the spoils of war . Hussein ordered the Arab Legion This is very funny . Anyway , suppose that in fact israel didnot ATTACK jordan till jordan attacked israel . Now , how do you explain the attack on Syria in 1967 , Syria didnot enter the war with israel till the 4th day . Syria had been bombing Israeli settlements from the Golan and sending terrorist squads into Israel for years . Do you need me to provide specifics ? I can . Why do n't you give it up , Hasan ? I 'm really starting to get tired of your empty lies . You can defend your position and ideology with documented facts and arguments rather than the crap you regularly post . Take an example from someone like Brendan McKay , with whom I do n't agree , but who uses logic and documentation to argue his position . Why must you insist on constantly spouting baseless lies ? You may piss some people off , but that 's about it . You wo n't prove anything or add anything worthy to a discussion . Your arguments just prove what a poor debater you are and how weak your case really is . 
